score	review
1	I don't know if I would buy thus brand again seems like they don't last as long as Duracell
1	These do not last long at all very cheap batteries no happy
1	These batteries are horrible. We depend on AA batteries for many wireless microphone and have found that brand-name batteries last about a month per our usage. We switched to Amazon basics to try it out when a subscription for our preferred brand was no longer available and have found that, under the same usage, these batteries last about a week. That's a 1/4 capacity.
1	First time I bought these they worked well and lasted almost as long as the name brands. Not the same this time around, almost no charge - 4-6 hours of run time - Junk batteries.
1	These batteries don't last even in a simple digital clock. 2 weeks at best.
1	Date on the back of these were 1992. Yeah, 1992. Inedible.
1	Battery storage life only lasted 8 months (stored indoors).
1	During my first recharging they were leaking and wrapping was coming off. A waste of money
1	These don't last long at all.
1	Lasted about a week in my electric toothbrush. Energizer and Duracell brand lasted a month. Tried with 4 different Amazon batteries, same results. Very dissatisfied
1	All the batteries came dead so I did a return and got new ones. Second order was the same as the first.Update: still have yet to receive refund from second order after several weeks!!!
1	all dead
1	My 37 days old Amazon fire stick quit working, the system was fine it just seemed like the remote wasn't getting any juice. Tried 3 different sets of these batteries in it and it still wouldn't work-and yes, I put them in the right way. Contacted Amazon about the limited warranty on remote as it was just past 30 days purchased and couldn't return, but before sending back for warranty service and being without TV for who knows how long and just to make sure, I bought some energizer batteries. Wouldn't you know it, the remote fired right back up. Can't trust these batteries.
1	I use hundreds of AAAs annually, and despite the graphics in ad, these are about the poorest performing, with least longevity, of any I have bought. Still have another 100 of these, but will likely go thru those quickly.
1	These are budget friendly but don't last! I bought for my battery operated candles that typically use batteries for 6-8 weeks. Twice these batteries barely lasted 1 week. It was so disappointing. Amazon produce are usually so good, but I would not recommend these.
1	Approximately half of the batteries I've tried so far are dead. Low expectations for the remainder of the lot, and never buy these again.
1	Not good
1	I've been using these on my roku remote and the lifespan is terrible. About two weeks, when Duracell's have been 1-2 months
1	Awful poor performance. My mouse ran for several weeks to several months from Duracells but have never gotten more that several days from these. Will not buy again.
1	These batteries do not hold charge well. By the time I need to use it few weeks none of them work
1	BAD BATCH NOT LASTING!Have been using these for the Roku Remote, and they are dying after just a few days of use.Have been happy with Amazon battery purchases in the past.Not sure if the quality is overall lower than it once was, or if this was just a bad batch.
1	Theses did not work. Wanted to make sure I had batteries for the item I was purchasing but they did not work. I had to dig some out of my junk drawer.
1	Wrong item.
1	Many of the batteries are no good.
1	Wish I didn't buy these. Amazon does a lot of things well but batteries No. Not so much. These do not work for more than a moment. Lay the extra for name brand.
1	Terrible. Just changed the batteries on my wireless keyboard... yesterday. Already dead. Put another set in low powered christmas lights. Dead in about an hour. (I have another identical christmas light set, powered by Energizer batteries. Still going after many many days of running).Unfortunately bought the 48 pack. Won't make this mistake again.
1	These batteries die very fast. These are used in a remote and I have replaced them 4 times within a year. The previous batteries lasted 3 years.
1	This batteries have been disappointing. Use them for holiday decorations and some of the items that used to go for weeks are not requiring batteries every couple of days.
1	I have two Macs, each with their own wireless mac keyboards. I used these batteries in both keyboards and each worked great for several days. My desk keyboard failed to connect last week so I attempted to replace the batteries, but they had expanded inside the keyboard and will not come out. I assumed it was a chance happening. But now my wireless keyboard at my downstairs computer just failed. The batteries have expanded inside that keyboard as well and will not come out. Amazon refunded us for the batteries but now we need to replace the two keyboards the batteries ruined.
1	Extremely short shelf-life and usage life would never buy Amazon batteries again
1	Beware these batteries - I just packed them up for returning hated to have to do so but they lasted only 5 hours in tiny flashlights for my grand kids !!! Big disappointment too - won't buy this brand batteries again...nor do I recommend them to anyone out there !
1	Just purchased in October and replaced the batteries in my camping lantern this past week using these. The batteries leaked inside the lantern so badly that it wrecked the device altogether. I attempted to clean the contacts and use a different brand batteries, but enough battery acid leaked that the plastic and internals have a permanent coat of oxidation on it. Had to buy a new lantern. Do not plan on purchasing again in future as the batteries are ineligible for a return at this point.
1	I was excited to see that Amazon was allowing its name to be used on batteries as I feel that Amazon is concerned about its image. Bought these batteries and placed four of them into my camera. Took 2 RAW photos and the batteries are now dead. What a disappointment.
1	2 out of the 8 batteries popped while on the charger. I got battery acid all over my hands trying to get them out and cleaned up.
1	None of first eight batteries I opened worked. Tested other batteries to confirm was a battery problem. Confirmed!!!Wow.
1	I change the batteries at least once a month. These things eat batteries like crazy and are hardly used.
1	Had my first battery leak from the package. Installed batteries in November 2016 in house thermostat, so a fairly important device. Not sure when the leak began, but was discovered today (1/13/2017 - little more than two months later) after the furnace was running non-stop and house temperatures reached over 80 F. Checked the batteries and found one had leaked all over the contacts and battery holder in the thermostat.
1	Leaked all over our lantern battery case. I purchased these batteries for an emergency since they had a long shelf life. I put 4 batteries into each of my lanterns and 2 each into my flashlights. I have multiple battery leaks between the lanterns and flashlights. I ended up spending over an hour cleaning up the battery cases and flashlights. I've purchased the AAA pack as well and don't seem to have the same problem.
1	This item arrived with no battery pack. There is no way to power the toy without it because you can't just use regular batteries.
1	Be Careful with this one - I put 4 of these into my TV remote and almost immediately had one pop. I could hear a sizzling sound within the remote and I immediately took out the battery carrier (I inserted them in proper polarity). One of the batteries was actually fizzling at the female end where it had split and was leaking. Unreal.... I've never had a battery do this before. I will NOT be ordering these ever again.
1	Had these in my wii for 2 weeks and the batteries leaked all over.
1	I just went to use these for the first time... and they exploded in the remote I put them in! Literally, a loud pop and a black liquid was leaking out into my remote and all over my hands. Needless to say, it scared me to death!
1	Sorry to say these batteries leaked in a lighted mirror and ruined it. C'mon, Amazon!
1	bought these batteries because the duracell batteries tend to leak, but these batteries i had to replace in five light sets that the duracellslast months these lasted a week. The duracells leak but only if you leave them dormant in the fixture.
1	Bought these for my sisters day care. She said half of them did not work at all, were dead when received
1	The batteries are sligtly bigger and will not fit in some electronics I thought AA was the standard size Nope, I was wrong, but the good news is I now am the proud owner of 48 slightly oversized batteries that do not fit in most of my battery operated devices. Perfect! Out of 9400 reviews nobody noticed the size issue with these
1	I love Amazon. I am a prime member. Have had an amazon credit card for 16 years. Think their service and pricing is second to none.But.... these batteries are garbage. Gar-bage.They really don't work or at the very least don't work most of the time. Even when they do appear to work they only last like 1/4 of the time a normal AA would. Maybe you can justify the pricing for certain situations.Should you use them for led string lights and hope they last a couple months Yep.Portable defribrilator No.RC car Sure.Camera for younger sister's wedding in the Greek Isles Nope.Vibrating nose hair trimmer Ok.Computer battery for your 17 hour flight to Siberia Nyet.Get my drift... sure try them out, and keep trying them, like I have, but don't put any faith in them.
1	These are the WORST batteries I have ever encountered anywhere in my 46-year life! I am appalled that Amazon put their name on them I guarantee that if these had been my first Amazon purchase, I would never have done business here again. If they had not been wrapped in packs of 4 batteries in cellophane, I would have been certain that someone else had used them all up and then returned these batteries to Amazon.None of the batteries was anywhere close to full power - they couldn't provide adequate power to anything I tried them in for any battery-powered item to work properly. Candles and flashlights were so dim I would have required more of them than I am physically capable of carrying to avoid tripping over my own feet. None of the appliance remotes would even turn their respective appliances on after these batteries were inserted. Every item I tried these batteries in also stopped working completely due to a dead battery in less than 30 minutes.Obviously, I should have returned these batteries, and I'm sure I would have done so if my mom had not had a heart attack shortly after I received them. I am just grateful she is now doing so well that neither she nor her cardiac surgeon have to rely on any battery-powered device!!!
1	Not good. Don't last a week.
1	These are wretched batteries. They typically last only two weeks in a TV remote control device, they can't power a computer's mouse beyond a week, and I have serious doubts about their shelf life. Packaging is nice, though, sort of like The Washington Post.
1	Bad investment. Some of the batteries did not even work - no juice in them. Really surprised by the poor quality, Amazon Basics.
1	Terrible batteries!! They exploded all over my face. Received them on a Monday and that Sunday was having problems with my remote so I opened it up and was sprayed in the face with acid. Luckily it missed my eye. I have bought cheap batteries before and never had anything like this happen before!!
1	From experience, the worst batteries I've ever purchased. Not sure if these were manufactured second hand but more than half of the pack died within ONE USE. As a new mom who depends on the quality and longevity of a good battery for her child's needs, I will never order this product ever again.
1	I can only think of one way to describe this item...JUNK!!!
1	I realized after purchasing that the reason you get so many for such great price is because it takes the entire box to equate to one 12 pack of more expensive batteries. The life on these is terrible! I've used them in everything from remote controls to kid toys and they run out VERY fast. Go ahead and spend the extra money for a better quality battery.
1	These batteries did not do the job for us. They were low powered and did not last as long as their competition.I thought all AA batteries were the same but after our experience with these I have to say that you get what you pay for.I am not sure how or why they are different than other batteries, lower voltage less capacitanceThey are cheap - do not buy them.
1	These run down in my TV remote quicker than any battery I have used. TV says low battery within a week of installing. I will try another brand next time. Amazon, please keep an eye on quality and have your manufacturer test and give you results periodically. They will often provide good samples for evaluation early in production and then lower quality later.
1	Amazon brand batteries are very poor quality. Don't last more than 3 months in a remote control (which barely uses any power). This is shameful and stupid as it diminishes confidence in the Amazon brand name.
1	The positive cap is just a little shorter than it's supposed to be. That means battery holders which have shoulders built into them, the positive terminal doesn't touch the contact. The Chinese find creative ways to cut corners to achieve the desired price point of the customer. They do not sacrifice profit...they sacrifice quality...they sacrifice quantity and they sacrifice material. Thanks China!
1	Stopped working in less than 3 months.
1	These batteries are crap. Last a few days in xbox controller. Energizer lasts months. Don't waste your money.
1	DO NOT PURCHASE! These batteries leaked in a machine I was using in my kids room to project stars on the ceiling. When I picked the projector up, it leaked battery fluid on me and burned my arms and legs. It could have gotten on my children! The leaking fluid also ruined the projector.The batteries were new, stored at room temp, used at room temp, not recharged, and not exposed to any fluid or abnormal conditions. Disposing in the appropriate manner.ETA: I was VERY happy with Amazon's resolution despite this bad experience. Thanks Amazon... I'll order batteries from you again. Just not your brand...
1	Just put them in 3 days ago and already dead. Going with the name brand next time.
1	With four kids under the roof, their toys are always in need of AA batteries. I had purchased this AmazonBasics pack of AA batteries for exactly that purpose. The expiration year reads 2024, but after just two years of sitting on the shelf, the batteries that are left are all but dead. They weren't left in cold storage to freeze, they were right on the shelf in our living room. I ended-up going to Radio Shack and purchasing one of their batteries instead.I can only imagine that most of the 5-star reviews for this product are based off initial impressions and short-term use. It's really sad that they just can't hold their own after only two years. Will stick with known brands from now on.
1	Bought a box of 36 aaa batteries and all batteries were dead. Don't waste your money. The only way I rated it 1one star is because it would not except ZERO stars which is what this product deserves.
1	None of these batteries had a full charge. My charge detector never reached the green zone. They were one half used up. This was true for the other two sizes D and AAA.
1	All the batteries came dead. None of them worked. Don't bother buying these.
1	I got two of these batteries with my Fire TV stick. Loaded them in and everything was good for 1.5 days. Then the Fire TV stick stopped responding. I trouble shooted with no fix. Called customer service and they had me trouble shoot too, started by saying can you change the batteries.... my response ... seriously, you want me to change the batteries, it's a freaking TV stick what could possibly be wrong, the batteries are brand new and came with the device. So I was changing the batteries as I was saying all that only for the new batteries to fix the problem. So.... these amazon batteries died in 1.5 days. How does that happen
1	It's seems as thought all of the batteries in the package are already dead. They are only lasting 3-4 days in the devices I'm putting them in. Fairly disappointed
1	These are the worst batteries I have ever come across. I just discovered today that mostof the batteries I was sent were dead. I put 8 batteries into a device 3 weeks ago and the batteries were already dead (energizers lasted a year and a half in the same device) I put 4 others into another device and they lasted only 1 month (energizers lasted 2 years in this device). Both devices were operated under the same conditions. I tried putting new Amazon batteries into the devices, and the devices didn't work I tried putting another set in, same problem. I then placed Energizer batteries into the devices, and they work. I essentially bought 12 working batteries that lasted less than a month in devices that used them in such a manner they would last 12x as long. Never purchasing Amazon batteries again. I would return them for being dead, but I am outside the 30 day return window.
1	The batteries were not operable out of the package. Thought it was the appliance, but replaced with other batteries and it worked fine. Luckily, Amazon's return policy is amazing but I doubt I'll try another one of their Basics brand items anytime soon.
1	Defective and cheap. Only a third held any charge and those died super fast.
1	We must have gotten a defective lot, because these have caused every fire alarm in the house to sound within days of installing these batteries. Too late to return. So much for 10 year shelf life.
1	Defective! All Amazon batteries I tried over the past year have been defectlve. Most too short. I have to constantly pull the spring, if the device has the spring, and roll the battery around to get it to work again. These are new batteries. Many of the batteries were thrown away because we thought they had been used up. It wasn't until recently that we realized it was all the Amazon batteries that were causing the problem. I was on the phone with Amazon for two hours yesterday trying to get these orders straighten that out. I still have no confirmation that I do not have to send the batteries back because many went into the trash.
1	I am now trying to use the batteries and basically they are not working. Perhaps they are old, but they are just plain not working. I put in a Duracell and my headphones work. I put any one of the 36 batteries in the headphones - and it is not working. It is not worth the effort to get my 10 back.
1	These batteries wore out much too quickly. I almost replaced the weather station after it went through 2 sets of batteries in about 1 month. Luckily, something else with the same kind of batteries burned out the same day and I realized that the batteries were bad, not the electronics. .
1	Batteries dead as of June 1. I did not use half of then. Good for 6 months.
1	We used in an August smart lock. We expected to get about 2-3 months of use based on the energizer batteries that came with the lock, but batteries died in 2 weeks.
1	DID NOT RECIEVE AA I only recieved Cbatteries!
1	Ive gone thru half the box. Everyone of these batteries lasted for about 10 minutes and then died. Not happy at all! Wasted money on something i needed.
1	I have no idea why these batteries are reviewed so well. I used them in a small LED keyboard light for my computer, and I had to change them weekly. Sure you get more batteries for less money, but in total I think you'd be better off buying a quality brand.
1	They didn't last long, do not waste your money!! Die quickly, most of them didn't even work out of the package!!
1	Hi ordered these thinking they were a great price, but sadly they die very quickly.
1	these suck! They run out in literally just a few days. I have used several sets of these for my AC thermostat which is battery powered and the thermostat died every few days when using amazon brand batteries. using Duracell or energizer - they last for at least a few mos. I will never buy amazon batteries again. You get what you pay for.
1	these batteries died very quickly when compared to energizer or Duracell. Spend a little more and get a lot more battery life.
1	run out super quick! would not buy again
1	Cheap price but they sure don't last very long. I won't buy the Amazn brand again.
1	Does not turn well at all. Will be returning it
1	these batteries are terrible very disappointed. i have purchased before great long lasting very powerful. i must have received a bad batch they don't last very long. i may not purchase again.
1	Worked for one day, then stopped working. Can't tell if it deterred any cats because it only went off when I walked by, but didn't register the cats when they jumped on the counter.Would not recommend.
1	The price was right but they just don't last as long as the other name brand batteries so it's not worth it.
1	Sadly these batteries are horrible! I hardly ever have complaints about anything I order but these batteries barely have any power and I've had to change them out many times.
1	These batteries literally only last 15 minutes inside of each device I put them in. When I researched the product, they told me the only way was to spend 50 on the recharger for these batteries. I personally do not buy batteries to have to spend more than what I spent on them in whole to have to buy a whole other product to recharge them. Worst amazon product I ever wasted my money on
1	These batteries were a huge disappointment. I used two in my amazon tv remote and they lasted only 2 weeks. Usually, I only need to change batteries in that remote every 3-4 months or so. Total ripoff.
1	I am disappointed with this purchase. I purchased these for my Dad, delivered to him in October, 2015. I am visiting, and just opened the brand new package, and inserted 4 of them to run his blood pressure cuff. The machine worked, but the battery indicator showed low, I switched the batteries with other brand new amazon batteries - same reading. Then I switched with another set of name brand batteries, and the battery indicator showed high/full. If I was home, I would have used my battery meter. No 10 year shelf life - not even a 10 month shelf life. Amazon, I am usually one of your biggest fans, but not this time.
1	These batteries are not lasting at all.... very short life on them... super disappointed...
1	Spend a few more dollars and get a branded one. These discharge very fast. Had to keep changing my wall clock battery every 2 months when I had these. Got an energizer battery and that stayed for more than a year. Didn't expect amazon product to be of such poor quality.
1	DO NOT BUY. All batteries arrived completely dead. I thought it might be a bad batch. Ordered more, all arrived dead.
1	I only have it one star because I couldn't give zero stars. Over half of the box were dead. The ones that did work, only worked for a very short time. Do not buy these batteries.
1	They didn't work. Took one from each pack and - nothing!
1	Went to pit them on for the first time and the strap behind the buckle broke. Never even got to wear them. Poor construction, cheaply made product.
1	You get what you pay for.Lucky to get 2 weeks of minimum use.
1	They went Dead before even using them.. The ones i used lasted maybe 4hours at best !!!
1	Might as well be dead on arrival. Already burned through two sets of 4 of these since I ordered them less than two months ago on a Schlage keypad deadbolt lock. The previous batteries lasted over a year. I'll never order another Amazon basics battery.
1	Purchased these 3 months ago in addition to a higher end () brand that came with a 9 docket charger. The higher end rechargeables are still going strong. These leaked battery acid all over my charger and ruined one docket, and ruined an under cabinet puck light. Save your money! They won't last!
1	Bought these batteries thinking they were a good price. I have two deodorizer devices that spray a tiny amount every :20 minutes. I put these batteries in one and a brand name in the other. The name brand batteries have not been changed yet ant these batteries have gone through 4 pairs. Name brand are cheaper in the long run
1	I don't understand why these are rated so highly - these batteries DO NOT LAST. I have never experienced batteries that died so quickly....I used them from everything to my computer mouse to microphone and they lasted maybe about 1/4 the time of what I'm used to. I guess you get what you pay for - would never order these again
1	They do not last long at all. I have to keep changing them out on the products I put them in. Will not be buying them again.
1	I ordered a ton of these for holiday candle lights. They are in for 6 hours each night and turn off on a timer. We are 15 days in and every single candle (34 of them) is so dim you can barely see them.Expected to get far more life out of these. Do not recommend.
1	They do not work. I had to buy Duracell
1	These batteries started leaking right out of the box.I threw them in the trash and went back to Duracell.
1	DOA. Had to replace with other batteries. What a disappointment. Threw them away. :(
1	I got a bad batch. 4 of them arrived dead. I would have sent them back but I missed my window.
1	Literally the worst battery I've ever had. I've used them in different types of products and they are DEAD WITHIN A WEEK every time. Go to the dollar tree and save yourself some money and a headache
1	After one use in a regular used battery powered item it's dead. With other brand I can use the item several times before I have to replace the battery.
1	These die SO fast.
1	Put these batteries in led string lights on two wreaths, place kirkland batteries in another set of the same lights....guess what Amazon batteries loose their power quickly. Kirkland batteries are still flashing strong,,,,,,Amazon batteries barely blink. Sorry Amazon, love you but not these for me.
1	These go dead very quickly. Not worth it if you rely on whatever the batteries are powering. Maybe ok for a remote control or something unimportant.
1	Didn't have hardly any charge to them. A total waste of money.
1	These batteries don't even work in a Amazon Firestick!
1	Don't Buy! I thought it was a great deal initially, but these batteries are drained SUPER QUICKLY. I have one in my wireless Logitech mouse and I have had to replace the battery 4 times since November, that is 5 batteries in 2 months that is ridiculous! I have started buying the Duracell ProCell Batteries, I am having much better results.
1	Worst batteries for photographers. I'm sure they might be fine for using around the house, but for what I purchased them for (using with my external flash) these are the worst batteries I've ever used.Won't purchase them again.The black ones that are supposed to be better are also horrible for photographers.Household use only.
1	Never put a review online about a purchase , but this Amazon battery leak so badly I have to discard all of them after 2 weeks of use, DON'T BUY THIS ITEM ....
1	These are, by, far, the worst batteries my family has ever purchased. They have all lasted less than one week and I've only used them in things that see usage a few times per week. None of them have seen more than 10 min total usage before needing replaced and q about a third of them have leaked or corroded worthiness a few days. I've had much better luck with dollar store brands.
1	You get what you pay for here. These are cheap batteries and don't last very long, I'd spend the extra and get rechargeables.
1	I put two of these in my small flashlight and they only lasted about 15 minutes. Waste of money.
1	I purchased them thinking they would be a great value, based on other reviews. I have an alarm keypad (among other things) that I use them in. Previously batteries would last about a year in the keypad. These batteries will last about a month before they die. The first time it happened, I thought there could have been a bad battery or possibly my memory was failing me. After 3 sets in 3 months, there is no doubt. The batteries test fully charged when I install them and then a month later they are gone. That is not a great value at all. I will find another battery for future use.
1	Terrible. Don't hold their charge, I change the batteries in my remote once a week. Will not be buying again.
1	These are terrible. Don't last Put then in various items and their life is only 1/2 half of a Duracell
1	These have failed after a few weeks each time I've used them in my wireless keyboard. Duracells, on the other hand, have lasted for months.
1	This is my 2nd time ordering them and even though they arrive very fast and nicely packaged, these batteries only last about an hour and a half on my son's toy train.
1	I don't know why but these things don't last long. Maybe I don't know anything about batteries and there is certain number I should be looking for to determine the life span. I ended up going through these quickly so I could probably just buy the expensive ones and get the same life rather than keeping on purchasing these.
1	Batteries do not last at all. Worth just getting energizer batteries instead.
1	These batteries don't last half as long as the RayoVacs I usually get.
1	These batteries don't last. They might be a good value but for me it's more important to have a battery that lasts longer. Or use these for hiking and rockclimbing and working on my car in the middle the night if I have a flat tire. If you use them like that you want a much better battery like the name brands Duracell, energizer etc. If you just want something that's cheap these batteries are definitely cheap but I bought the 60 count Duracell batteries for .36 each. I think the Amazon ones go for just a bit over .20 each. I think the Duracell's last more than a third longer.
1	They lasted less than 24 hours in my mouse and that includes turning the mouse off overnight! What a ripoff.
1	I bought these batteries to charge my insulin pump - a life critical device. After I started using them, I found my pump worked terribly and after testing all other variables, popped out the Amazon battery and replaced with a Duracell, and everything was back to normal. I won't use these again.
1	I am very disappointed in these. I put them in my remote and within 24 hrs they are completely dead. For shame, Amazon. For shame.
1	These are horrible! Don't waste your money. These batteries die faster than any I've ever tried. A few hours in a Wii remote and they have to be replaced. I'm so disappointed!
1	I like shopping with Amazon and have purchased several Amazon brand products. However, I would not recommend anyone buy these batteries. I opened up the box and took a pack of four batteries out of the case and one was leaking. I threw those away. I need batteries for one of my sons toys so opened up another pack and put the batteries in and you guessed it, there was no charge in the batteries at all. About half of the batteries in the box were dead on arrival. The other ones had a charge but did not last long. Save your self the headache and buy energizers or something else. You will pay more but they work. I tried to return this pack but I was out of the 30 day window to return so I'm out the money.
1	Worst battery I have ever came across. Don't use for children's toys leaks battery acid. Had in my daughters mobile and the batteries only lasted 4 days when any other battery lasts a month and when I replaced them this morning I found they leaked battery acid all over.
1	Bought a, c d 9v batteries in April the AAA seemed fine but went to replace them 4 backs dead. I tried 5th pack and they worked. I will no longer be buying batteries from Amazon you can not count on them. I had d didn't work I hope 9v work. Some of these where for fire alarms not long lasting or don't workUsed c batteries they lasted 12 0f a CD Amazon batteries are horrible
1	These batteries don't last!!!!
1	All but about 4 were duds. What a waste of money.
1	Bought these in late Nov. By March 1, most of them were dead in the package.
1	I was searching for rechargeable batteries and these came up. I did think it was a great price for rechargeable batteries so I bought two packs. Didn't realize they were regular batteries until they arrived. I was a little annoyed. I blame Amazon for showing me these when I was looking for something else.
1	It Didn't work right.
1	mu AA Amazon batteries made in Indonesia were without power after 12 months, bought in May 2016
1	When you buy bulk batteries normally you open a box and have a bunch of batteries. With amazons frustration free packaging you open a cardboard box and find pain, hardship and loathing. I sprained a wrist trying to get the batteries out of the individual 4 pack space age metal plastic wrapping. It's terrible. It's also the first amazon product I didn't like. The first terribly packaged amazon product I've ever seen.
1	Did not work.
1	Shame on Amazon for putting their trusted name on this garbage! Nothing I put these batteries work properly whether AA, AAA, C or D, not the blood pressure cup won't fill with air before going into Error, motion lights that flicker when these are put in, remotes that work on and off - which all goes away with name brand batteries!
1	When I purchased the Fire Stick, these batteries were included. In less than three weeks they were dead and had to be replaced. The batteries for the Fire Stick are used only in the remote, so it is not as though they got much use! I would never recommend such a garbage product.
1	Bought a 20 pack to give them a try and found they dont hold up well in the tv remotes.... gone back to duracells
1	By far the worst batteries I have ever bought I regret my purchase of 2 packs! Half of each box came without power and the ones that did were half life! If u found this helpful please rate helpful thanks!
1	some are not functioning
1	I got these batteries on Amazon Prime Day and I thought I got a good deal but half of them don't work!!! Very disappointed.
1	Half the batteries had no charge.
1	I'm not sure if these are the same Amazon Basics batteries I purchased last time, the label is different. More importantly these seem to discharge faster or hold less power. I buy the 48 count box usually and its obvious to me already this box will last maybe half the time the last box did.
1	absolute garbage, noteven a 1/4 of the battery of a regular energizer, dies so quick, tested, compared for months, sorry Not worth the money atany price, except maybe free.
1	Very unhappy with these batteries. Used them for my flame-less candles, 3 batteries in each. I use a remote to turn the candles on, so they were only on a few hours at a time AND only a few nights a week. Died in less than 3 WEEKS!
1	I suppose the most honest thing about them is in their name...BASIC!! I use them in my blood pressure monitor. I take my BP twice a day and it only takes about 10 seconds. The batteries only last about 6 weeks. I've also used them in my air conditioner remote which I might use once or twice a day, just to turn it on or off. Again, after about 5 - 6 weeks, they stop working. They are also used in my Alexa/Echo remote which is used more often, yet, they last about 3 months in it. This is the first Amazon labeled/made product that I have bought that was not rated a 5. Don't buy these if you are looking for a long lasting battery.
1	Horrible, do not buy.I bought these in AA and AAA and they all lasted just a few days. My battery tester shows them on the lower side of good when unused but doesn't take long before they stop working.
1	Horrible! Did not last 1 hour, in my devices. DO NOT BUY!!
1	Batteries were horrible. As soon as I would put a pair in my Amazon Fire stick remote, I'd get a message that batteries were low. After a day or 2 I couldn't even wake the Fire stick up because the batteries were dead. Went through the hole pack in 2 weeks.
1	I am very disappointed in these batteries. They do not work, or if they do work it is only for a few minutes. They are a waste of money.
1	Not a long life at all. I bought AA batteries in the same order and they work fine.
1	I bought the 20 pack in September 2015. Half of the batteries in the package do not work. Do not purchase.
1	I bought these batteries for my Fitbit scale and installed them as soon as they arrived. Typically I have to change the batteries every 6-8 months but I have already had to replace these. I won't be buying them again.
1	Out of every package so far only 2 batteries are working. I bought these in April so they should still all be good and I'm finding I need to throw most of them away. I wish I could still return them.
1	I DO NOT recommend purchasing these batteries they barely last 24 hrs in what lasts 2 weeks with Costco or Duracell or Energizer brands.
1	I don't know who made these batteries but they are worthless. They do not hold a charge.I WILL NOT BUY AGAIN.
1	I had hoped that Amazon batteries would be as good as their other services. Unfortunately, either we got a bad batch or these batteries are not as good as other brands. These were ordered in April and it is now August and I have had to use three sets of batteries in my mouse. Normally a set of batteries lasts three or four months. I would not recommend. Others reviews are more positive, but I personally cannot recommend this brand.
1	I had to buy a brand new bed after purchasing this item. It kept ripping up and the bugs kept coming from the tears in the case. I do not recommend this for no one.
1	These battery only last a few months in my dish network remote controls (have 10 of them). Duracells last over a yearI will no longer purchase Amazon batteries. Disappointed
1	I have bought these twice-my first purchase, I received the batteries in the silver packaging, had no issues, long battery life, etc. The second order I received the batteries in the gray packaging as pictured. I bought the second back in April, and last week I discovered that every unused battery that I hadn't used up and thrown out was leaking. I threw out 5 batteries one day, and found 3 more that were in use in remotes that needed to be thrown out as well because they had leaked, and had to throw out a remote as well since it had corroded inside.I'm not going to be buying again. I could forgive one leaking battery, but almost half the package I'll either buy another brand for a bit more money and quality, or go to a local dollar store for the same quality and less money
1	I have never been so disappointed with a product. The battery life is horrible. When used in my camera, I can get maybe five standard-non zoom pictures before the camera shuts down and states the batteries need replaced. When used in tv remotes, the battery life is maybe a week. It is the same with the Amazon AAA batteries too. I will not be repurchasing again.
1	I have never had problems with the Amazon brand batteries before until this time around. I use these for battery operated candles and normally 3 AAA batteries will last in my candle a couple of weeks on a timer. I replaced the batteries 2 days ago with these batteries in 3 separate candles and all three candles do not work less than 24 hours later. Not sure if this batch was defective or not, but I won't risk spending the money and buying them again to not have them work.
1	Sorry Amazon, I love you, but these batteries are terrible. They don't last long at all. Reordered before I realized that they peter out in short order. They have failed in every application requiring batteries. Unfortunately, their made in Indonesia. Wasn't putting them in the China slot immediately but have no choice to do so. Applications referred to are, tooth brush, remote controls, motion lights, etc. Purchased, AAA AA with no difference in performance. I enjoyed the idea of being stocked up on quantity, but the quantity doesn't replace quality. Won't be ordering these batteries again. But will be shopping for a superior product.J.MAC
1	I had high hopes for these and very surprised at alt he high rating. I must have received a bad batch. This is a large qty and 6-8 months after purchase, using these batteries and they are no good. I figured they just wore out since i did not use them. Very disappointed and a good 20+ are trash. Real bummer.
1	I need to cancel this auto shipment
1	I needed batteries for my kittens toys. The first three I used lasted only 5 hours!! I am so unhappy, I spent 8 which is a lot of money for me.
1	They do not last at all! I never leave negative reviews as I am generally satisfied. But logged back in just to do it! They are awful!!!
1	I purchased the AA batteries for my Nest smoke detectors. The batteries that came with the Nest lasted for a couple of years, so I expected similar performance from the Amazon AA's. In less than 2 months after my purchase, the Nest indicated that they had to be replaced again. This product is not to Amazon's expected standards. I will give it a miss.
1	I purchased these batteries for my boyfriend . The split open and ruined who uses them in a 200.00 portable modem. I would of sent them back, but this happened after the 30 day return window.
1	I purchased these for my daughter for camp and open a pack today and they did not work. Fresh out of the plastic wrap and everything:(.
1	This is the first Amazon product I've purchased. I thought that batteries would be a good first try since there really can't be much difference between alkaline batteries.I am a working musician teacher. I sing with a band and use a Shure Wireless Beta 58 mic. A normal set of alkaline batteries last about 7-8 hours in my mic. The first gig I used these with was about 3 1/2 hours with the mic on and by the end of the gig the light on the mic showing battery was showing that the battery was about to die. I was just lucky that it lasted long enough for the entire gig. Usually I can get two full gigs out of an alkaline battery. Just as a comparison, I usually buy the cheapest boxes of batteries at Lowe's. Those batteries are only slightly more expensive than the Amazon Basics and last twice as long in my mic.I can't say how these batteries work in other things, but I can say that for what I use them for they are a big waste of money. I would rather use batteries that cost 15-20 more and last twice as long.
1	WHAT A HORRENDOUS PRODUCT. I THOUGHT THAT BEING FROM AMAZON IT WOULD BE GOOD. WRONG!!!! IT'S STILL CHINESE FIRST.LASTS NOTHING (2 WEEKS IN MY COMPUTER MOUSE). DISASTROUS DISAPPOINTMENT. FIRST TIME I AM LET DOWN BY AMAZON. PITY! I GUESS I SHOULD HAVE BEEN MORE CAREFUL AND LESS GULLIBLE.
1	I used them for christmas decoration and by the end of christmas the batteries leaked . will not get them again
1	I will never purchase this item again. It is in my opinion overpriced junk.
1	These batteries do not last nearly as long as the bunny or copper brands. I will use them up and never waste my time or money on these again. I have been using them in an LED flashlight.
1	I see that these batteries have lots of positive reviews. My experience has been poor. I put a pair in the sensor for an outdoor thermometer. They lasted about 2 weeks and when tested, showed very low power. Replaced them with a second pair. They lasted and tested about the same. These may work better in indoor uses, but they seem to not like the cold. I've had way better success with rechargeable.
1	They're not a bad value (because they're cheap), but they drain much faster than you would like. I hate throwing dead batteries away anyway (no recycling options here) and 4 of these drained in a day, running a tiny string of LED Christmas lights.
1	I've had good luck with Amazon basics peripheral devices for computers, but the 24 pack of AAA batteries I got had virtually no power out of the package. Perhaps it's a quality control issue, but I got burned on the ones I bought, and won't take another chance with them.
1	It stopped working. Never buy this. It's not certified by Apple. Not sure why Amazon is selling such products on prime
1	Lights worked well but the ahesive didnt stick on about 90 of the lights backing. The 10 that did. I tried to adjust the lights and they ripped.
1	These batteries work but don't really last that long. You maybe get 3-4 weeks out of them. Its better off buying rayovac or energizer batteries from home depot
1	These batteries are junk . i use 4 of them in my front door lock. i have gone through 12 batteries in less than a month .
1	Batteries used in fire remote, lasted maybe a week and then died
1	batteries suck! brand new out of box dead or close too. Change smoke alarms every month and remote batteries every 2 weeks.junk dead, 3 different boxes and sizes of amazon
1	Absolute junk! My devices run only 3 - 5 days with these batteries and probably half have been dead when I put them in my devices. Save your money buy Duracell batteries from Groupon they will stand behind less than quality batteries but Amazon will not once you buy Amazon batteries as has become the case with most of Amazon you are on your on without a paddle.Amazon did send me replacement batteries however they are the same as the original ones. I don't know how anyone can give a positive review just terrible.
1	I used these to replace the batteries in my digital safe. A week or two later I needed to access something from the safe, but it wouldn't open. I was sure I was entering the right code, but the safe just beeped and didn't unlock. I didn't suspect the batteries right away because they were still almost new. But eventually I plugged in a different brand and that's all it took the get the safe to work properly again. It was a big relief, and interesting to find out that AA batteries aren't all created equal.
1	Last less than a quarter as long as even off-brand batteries such as Rayovac, creating a lot more waste. With name brand batteries my wireless keyboard would last almost a year these amazon branded batteries last only 2-3 months. If they weren't considered hazardous waste when spent I might have given them 2 stars on account of there low price, but when you consider how hard it is to dispose of batteries properly (and how much time you'll spend changing them out of your favorite devices) they're really not worth your time
1	Lasted ten minutes in my flashlight. Changed out the batteries again, the next two lasted 12 minutes. Don't buy. Junk!
1	WHAT THE HECK! I have a SERIOUS issue with these batteries! I put them into my Amazon FireTV remote which kept draining batteries, and within a few minutes it quit working and gave up, thinking I had a bad remote. A few days later when I opened the case the batteries were had leaked all over the compartment.Just NOW, while typing on my keyboard, several of the batteries were sitting there next to my keyboard. I heard a hiss and felt a jet of air hit my right hand and I started coughing and choking on whatever the heck it was that came out of the battery.I'm throwing these away and will never trust this brand again.
1	Do not buy each have leaked within one recharge. Battery corrosion at base ruined my battery recharger as well. Warranty for 30 days. You can't use them all and recharge within 30 days
1	Two batteries of he the twenty were leaking in the Package on delivery. With a ten year warranty against leakage...that is not a good start
1	Half the box did not work and one set of 4 started leaking white battery acid within 5 minutes of putting it my sons toy. Asking Amazon for a full refund.
1	Every single battery leaked battery acid after the first few charges or uses. Some while in the device it was powering and others while in the charging station. I thought perhaps it could be the charging station I was using so I purchased another brand but it didn't make a difference. I also never left the batteries in the charger once they were fully charged. This happened with the AAA batteries I purchased as well. And when I say leaked battery acid I'm talking about literal puddles of acid that would pool under the charging station or begin leaking from the device. I had to throw away a few children's toys as well as an xbox 1 controller. The skin on the tips of my fingers peeled away a few times as well from overexposure to the battery acid after having to clean so many surfaces and devices from it getting everywhere. Please don't buy this product They are completely ineffective and its simply an unsafe product. All in all purchasing these batteries cost me around 100+ in having to buy replacements for the devices they ruined.
1	Maybe we have a bad batch because all the other Amazon Basics batteries we have are great.. So far numerous AA batteries are leaking in remotes, toys, and other electronics.
1	After 2nd recharge and use all but 3 are leaking corrosive fluid which has ruined my charger.
1	I bought this product from amazon about a month ago, the reviews seemed great so I gave them a try.After using the batteries in my Xbox One controllers for about 2 weeks, the controller began to malfunction.Upon further inspection, I checked the batteries, and the compartment was a little bit wet, so I cleaned it up and went to get new batteries (still in the plastic wrapper) and all of the batteries had an oily residue around them (some type of leakage) .Overall, dont save money here as you might lose your equipment and the money you spend on the batteries.
1	These batteries are the worst of any I've ever bought. They have corroded inside of toys, remotes, noise cancelling range headphones and an expensive gun scope that I own. I've tried AA and AAA, and even gave them multiple chances. The batteries in some electronic devices die within 24hrs. So needless to say, I have switched back to standard Duracell batteries. If you care about life and not having to mess with corrosion, do not buy these batteries!!!
1	Never had alkalines that die as fast. This has been consistent through the package, not just a couple of batteries. Same results when used in TV remotes, optical mouse, smoke detectors and small flashlights.
1	The batteries linked and ruined my Game Camera. I think you need to replace my game Camera
1	They work but they don't last they drain really quickly only had them about 2 weeks and they are almost all dead. Very frustrating will not be buying these again save your money and buy Duracell.
1	love them work great but while charging they leaked all over the charger and had to just throw 8 of them away
1	Used it for a mouse - works OK. I have a battery powered egg beater and when I put these batteries, the beater did not perform at full speed. I had some Duracell batteries which I used and it was back to life!!So, I guess these are low powered, Very disappointed
1	Picture for proof. I had these in an Amazon basics wireless mouse and one of them exploded. It was only in there about 3 months before I noticed the batteries were dead. Upon inspection it was clear one of the batteries had a structural failure and exploded the end apart leaking fluid inside mouse.This mouse has NEVER been out of my air conditioned office.I have never had a battery explode inside a mouse before. These are obviously low quality. Do not put them into anything you'd be upset to ruin with leaky battery fluid.
1	I love Amazon and Amazon products but....MAJOR disappointment. While not much less cost that Duracell or Energizer the Amazon brand batteries were a ripoff! Only lasted a third of the time in the devices I have used the competitor's batteries in before.....bummer :(
1	I'm not sure if it's coincidence it not but two electronics we've put these batteries in have crapped out within a day of replacing the batteries. When I pulled them out of the remote that completely spazzed out, there was moisture on the batteries. I thought that may have been my fault but then it happened again with a Christmas decoration. I'll probably return them...maybe a faulty batch
1	May have been a fluke, but these lasted not even 10 minutes in two very different devices - a kid's toy and wireless mouse. Will just pay extra next time for brand name batteries.
1	Great price but they don't hold their charge for long. I find myself swapping out the remote batteries twice a year. At this price, it's not so bad but it's much more frequently that I'm used to.
1	If I could give this 0 stars, I would. They all have problems working and the batteries have to be replaced after one use. Waste of time for what you get.
1	More than 1/2 have been dead out of the box. Most other Amazon Basic products I have gotten have been great. Batteries have been beyond sub par so far.
1	I need batteries that register 1.5V out of the box my camera flash remotes depend on it! NONE of the batteries I tested were more than 1.3V fresh out of the box. Unacceptable! Spend a few more bucks and get some decent name brand batteries. These are pathetic. Anyone need a 20-pack of 1.3V batteries
1	SAVE YOUR MONEY. Buy the name brand. I have a bathroom light that uses 3 AAA batteries. I typically get 6 months out of it with regular batteries I get roughly a week out of it with these. Sure, they are cheaper but you will buy them 4x as often. Worst Amazon purchase thus far.
1	Terrible! Didn't last 2 weeks!
1	ABSOLUTELY THE WORST BATTERIES IVE EVER USED AMAZON SHOULD BE ASHAMED TO SELL THEM
1	Batteries do not last! Don't waste your money on these. I've been using them in a weight scale where 4 batteries would last 4-6 months. With these batteries, I only get 10 days of usage. No battery life.
1	Dead on arrival...please stay away.
1	In a box of 12 batteries, 4 worked for 2 months, 8 did not work at all, Total waste of money
1	Batteries popped open inside the motion detector lights making a mess and ruining the detector. I will never buy this brand again.
1	Do not buy. Inconsistent quality, performance, some leak and ruin things.
1	we will never buy any more!!!! they suck!!!!!
1	Batteries died after a week. Same appliance used Duracell batteries for half a year.
1	Good price.... but (update 12/21/2016)Update - horrible batteries. Have gone through 8 out of 48 batteries and none have worked. Contacted Amazon, they state they will refund my money and apologized. Great customer service,but horrible product.Be aware of the refund/return policy with Amazon. Batteries are something I don't test when i get them, I assume they will work when I need them. Have never had a problem before now. When to put 2 AA's in an LED flashlight..... nothing. Tried 2 more.... nothing. Tried 2 more....nothing 2 more (guess what)... nothing again. Tried it my TV remote too. Same results. Not something I would trust to stock up with for a power outage.While the product gets 1 star (that's too generous) I do give Amazon and their Customer Service 5 Stars.
1	I am giving these batteries a 1 star because I couldn't go any lower. I tried 10 batteries in a row and they lasted bout 35 seconds then my light went out. The shelf life must have been ending. I guess the old addage You Get What You Paid For holds true.
1	I like amazon products. But these haven't worked in any thing I've put them in. Nerf gun, toys.. nothing. Maybe they work in remotes.....
1	received the wrapping paper thank you.but no batteries ever came,nor were they in the package with my wrapping paper
1	Im sure these are fine batteries, but they never arrived, and theres no way for me to request a replacement.
1	They were duds. I bought them before christmas so I could stick them in the toys and not one worked. I tried them on other items to make sure it wasn't the toys and not the batteries . Nope , it was all of the batteries. I only give one star for the reason I got them on time ....now I have a box of triple a batteries that don't work . so glad I caught that before christmas or I would have had disappointed children on christmas.
1	Basic performance didnt last a week in an AM radio.
1	3/4 of the package have been duds. Lasted about 15 minutes. Now I get to go to the trouble to return them. When you shop with Amazon, it's to save time. This defeats that purpose.
1	I bought these because of all the ratings on Amazon but they don't last at all!! I am so disappointed. I used the in every device and every solar light and withing 2 months I have to replace them all. Now, with the the snow and cold, my yard is dark because I can't get out there. I will never buy these again.
1	Doesn't last as advertised. Dead in no time!
1	These are cheap and they Explode!!!!!! I was pumping at 2am and it exploxed in my pump. It leaked all over my pump and baby blankets!!!!! Ive never had this happen with name brand!!!!! Now I have to find time with a newborn to packed up all the batteries from all our baby items and return!! Not Cool!!
1	I ordered these batteries 2 months ago. I don't really have a lot of things that require AAA batteries. My tv remote finally died and I put in these batteries. And my remote tells me that these brand new batteries are low.
1	Ordered the Triple AAA battery pack and I'm not sure if I got a bad batch or what but pretty much not a single battery works. What a waste of money so they definitely deserve one star.
1	Gave these a fair chance but the fact is they simply do not last as long as Duracells. I've gone through more than half of the pack I purchased and I am easily replacing batteries twice as fast for the same devices, same use. I won't repurchase.
1	Some work, some don't. Some will power my TV remote but the same batteries wouldn't power a different type of remote. I won't buy these again.
1	Not suitable for toys. Drained within just a couple of days.
1	Not sure I will be buying these again. The first four pack I opened was dead. The second pack worked but only lasted half the time a name brand battery lasts. I am using more batteries for the same amount of use in my headset. I won't be buying these again.
1	I have bought these several times thinking they were great but after longer term use have found they fail about twice as fast as Duracell. I will never buy them again and will not hold Amazon Basic in such A high standard. my next batteries will be Duracell
1	What's happened to batteries Duracell use to be the gold standard, until we had over 10 of them fail by leaking and destroying expensive medical equipment year after year. Costco batteries became our go-to batteries until last year 2015 when they started leaking, even on the shelf. Tried Eveready but price and quality varies as well. I trusted Amazon and love the price, packaging, convenience and no leaks. But they don't last half the time the others have. Some of the top reviews have stated the electrical case very, very well. And yes, we have some high current draw uses. But as my staff and Doctors have said to me: They're just batteries! Get us some decent batteries already! We go through dozens a week so price is going to matter but, paying top dollar still doesn't seem to save equipment or increase the usage time. It seems every manufacture is changing their product for cost and marketing so that you have to be an expert to properly match basic AA batteries to your specific use. Not cool!!
1	Worst batteries I have ever purchased. I use in the mouse to my laptop. Doesn't hold a charge for more than three days with limited usage (maybe 4 hours/day). Not worth the price.
1	On second use, silver liquid leaked out of batteries, almost ruining the motor of a breast pump.
1	Every time I brew a cup off coffee there are tons of coffee grinds in my coffee. I have cleaned my pot several times. Thank god I only have a few pods left. Will never buy this brand again!!!
1	Overpriced, works about the same as raovac.
1	Batteries die very quickly. Spend the extra for better batteries.
1	Was very disappointed to see that one of my batteries corroded and leaked in a device within only a few days of placing it in the device. Will not purchase again.
1	Bought these because I had heard from several sources that alkaline batteries are one of those items that you can buy as generics and get comparable quality to name brands. It is not unusual for me to keep batteries in storage for more than a year without a problem with leakage. These, after a year, would begin leaking soon after installing them. That is, they come out of their protective wrap looking brand new but would leak within days. They fouled up a few things, one of which was a good work flashlight. I hadn't seen a battery leak in decades. I had to throw out the remaining ones even though they looked deceptively good.
1	5 of the batteries leaked from the package. Will not buy these again.
1	About 1/3 the life of energized or Duracell batteries.
1	All were dead
1	Alot of the batteries were dead or very weak
1	amazon sucks these batteries drain like the water in my toilet
1	As soon as i place the new battery in my card alarm, ut says 1 bar charged
1	Awful batteries don't work
1	Awful batteries.
1	bad product, not working in the remote car where it required 3 AA batteries.
1	Batteries arrived drained. all of them.
1	Batteries did not last more than two days
1	Batteries didn't last long at all
1	batteries didnt even last one month...very dissapointed
1	Batteries die super fast!
1	Batteries last for about 2 days in my Xbox one controller.
1	batteries used primarily for remotes, batteries last for about 1 month
1	Batteries very week. Would Not Work IN Several devices.
1	Batteries were weak and didn't last a week in remote
1	Battery blew up in the charger. Returned product for full refund.
1	Better at the dollar store no matter what the brand
1	Booooo
1	Broke about a month after ordering them.
1	BRUTAL! THEY DONT LAST LONG AT ALL!
1	Cheap
1	Did not fix my leaking water pump
1	die after one hour of use
1	Die way too fast
1	Died almost immediately. Ruined their purpose for the purpose needed.
1	do not last long at all - never by these again
1	Do not last near as long as other 'off brand' batteries
1	Does not last as long as the good batteries
1	doesn't last like the other brands
1	Don't buy. Don't last!
1	don't hold a charge - have to recharge too frequently
1	don't last long. Replace batteries in my clock almost every 2 months.
1	Don't last!
1	Don't seem to last as long as Duracell...Wouldn't buy them again
1	don't seem to last very long
1	Don't waste your money. They last about 2 days in a wii remote.
1	Entire pack of batteries was dead!
1	garbage
1	Good price with ugly design.
1	Great price but these do not last very long.
1	Half of the batteries received were dead and there is no replace option.
1	I feel like the batteries wasted quickly. It did not last as long as store bought batteries.
1	I have the wrong size batteries
1	i like amazon product.but this battery was not good.
1	I ordered AA
1	I used them for my Xbox 1 controllers. They do not last long compared to name brands.
1	Idk why I ended up with AAA, when I orderd AA... Oh well
1	Inconsistent. VERY short life.
1	It didn't last for even one day,
1	It goes off in week.
1	Junk wont charge
1	Junk, they don't work
1	life of the batteries do not last
1	LOVE THE BATTERIES.THANKS
1	More than half did not work
1	More then half did not work :(
1	never again. don't last. especially short life in cold weather.
1	None of them would recharge.
1	not good at all
1	Not happy at all very slow compare to others I ordered
1	Not universal. Did not work on garage door opener, given as gift but now cannot return.
1	Pretty sure they didn't really have a charge when they arrived
1	Really good price for a reason, first two batteries I used were dead. Do not waste your money!
1	Save your money,these do not last half the time of Duracell
1	Sent me old dead batteries
1	should buy duracell
1	Substandard...Dollar store batteries last longer
1	terrible
1	The capacity is suspect. I seem to have gotten a lot more out of Energizer.
1	The products that it was delivered but I could not find it anywhere
1	These are absolute junk. I'm half way through the pack and so far every single battery has leaked.UPDATE:Ok, these batteries are horrible. Every single battery leaked, ruining some of the items they were in. In almost 30 years of buying from Amazon these batteries are the most disappointing thing thing I've ever received.Amazon, in case you are interested the lot number is JK150601
1	These batteries are absolute garbage. Very little capacity.
1	These batteries are awful, have no power and die fast
1	These batteries do not come close to duracel in terms of longevity.
1	These batteries do not last or work well. Spend the extra buck and buy Duracell.
1	these batteries do not perform as good as the cheapest ones on the market.
1	these batteries don't last very long
1	these batteries explode - terrible quality
1	These batteries have a very short life. Need replaced every week. Used ina solar light outside Very unsatisfactory
1	These batteries have an extremely short life. Below Amazon's standards.
1	These batteries suck!!!!!!Stay away from them! Read bad reviews, they last only weeks.
1	These did not fit my device...
1	These did not last long at all.
1	These die way too fast.
1	These do not last long. Will never buy again
1	These suck. Had for a week. Stopped working. Garbage.
1	these were dead on arrival
1	theses batteries don't last very long not worth the money
1	they are not good as described. the power is easy to be used out.
1	they are terrible
1	They are too cheap, please buy rechargeable batteries instead of wasting the environment!
1	They die quickly
1	They do not last
1	they don't hold a charge like the top brands do.
1	They don't hold a charge very well.
1	They don't last. I would not buy again
1	They don't work and are dead!!!!!!
1	They fail earlier than brand names. I assumed Amazon would match in beat others. I won't order again.
1	they let for about 5 recharges
1	They lost power within minutes in digital cameras.
1	They paired these with a order that uses AA
1	They were dead. I'm baffled.
1	This is not what I received.
1	took WAY to long to receive. and then some were corroded.
1	Tore within one week and is baby blue and very shear not green.
1	Trash. Only lasted a few hours.
1	Tried them in 2 flashlights. Neither worked.
1	Used these for 2 insta bulb lights purchased from here also and they last about a week. Crazy!!!
1	Utterly worthless, no staying power.
1	very cheap batteries
1	very disappointed in these!
1	Very dissappintes with these. Have had to replace almost all of them.
1	Very weak batteries
1	Wore out way to fast
1	Worst batteries ever....they work once and drain out...you try to use something again and the battery is dead!
1	Worst batteries I've ever bought.
1	Worst battery I've ever used. Lasts 1/3 as long as eveready!!!
1	Wrong Item
1	Ordered these batteries along with a wall mounted mirror. Upon inserting these batteries the light did not work. Thinking something was wrong with the mirror. I decided to go to Target and buy more batteries. Replacing your batteries my light now works. I would return them but the return date was past due. Thanks for your time.
1	I received these batteries today and looked at the date after reading another review and the batteries are 4 years out of date. Please don't buy these.
1	NOT MUCH POWER IN THESE BATTS
1	I waited to write this review until I had tried nearly all of the batteries that I ordered. Most of them did not have any power in them. The few that did work lasted maybe an hour. I pitched the remaining 6 because I cannot depend on them at this point. Maybe I just got a bad batch but these are the worst collection batteries I have ever used. I would not recommend these to anyone else based on my experience.
1	These batteries are actually falling apart before we use them. They are junk
1	I didnt like it from the begining because it isnt very ergomatic. It was easy to hit the wrong button shocking your dog when it was last set to vibrate. It was veru easy to push buttuns so you cant put it in a pocket. Then a week into use while replacing a probe, I hand turned to tighten it and the prope broke with the scew end broke off level and no way to get it out. I bought a product that had a different control style (so many manufators use the same controler design) and i hsve no problems with handling this one. Another problem is that the reciever can be shook off the collar the more it is worn. We lost the reciever after a few weeks. It might be ok if your dog is a fast learner and plan to use it for just a few days.
1	Now I know why these are so inexpensive! I'm baffled as to how they've earned such high reviews. I've used them in a variety of devices portable LED lights that I utilize maybe once every two months for events, in a battery-operated soap-dispenser, in tap lights in a closet/hallway, in toys... In the soap-dispenser, they lasted three weeks. I thought the dispenser must be faulty, switched them out. Next set of these batteries lasted a week. In the LED lights, the batteries lasted five hours. Less in the toys and tap lights. At this rate, I'll have used the whole box of 20 batteries in less than 6 months. What a wasteful, useless product!
1	After receiving this box of batteries, as we made our way through them, we realized that the batteries were all close to dead. Now we are past the return date. Not buying these again. Would give zero star rating if I could.
1	I read a lot of reviews and convinced myself the AmazonBasics AA alkaline batteries were going to be a good buy. Nope. I put a pair in my TV remote, and within a month the TV was telling me to replace the batteries because of low power. I decided to check some new ones right out of the wrapper with my battery tester. 8 brand new batteries tested - all 8 in the red on the battery tester...not totally dead, but just inside the red. Next trip to Home Depot, I picked up the big pack of Energizer AA batteries and did the same test on them. 8 for 8 all in the green on my battery tester.Oh well, not worth crying about 13 worth of weak batteries. I am sure others have had great luck with the same AmazonBasics AA batteries. I just wanted to add my experience so others can make an informed decision. Good luck!
1	Batteries leaked when in charging station.
1	These batteries are very poor quality and do not last even half the time of standard Energizer or Duracell batteries
1	Horrible quality. These last 4 to 6 days in an Xbox controller and maybe 10 days in a remote. Horrible quality.
1	these are junk. you get a large quantity but they are not long-lasting and sometimes need to be changed after only a few hours of continuous use.i do not recommend these and will not purchase them again.
1	Bought these and regret it. I must have gotten a bad batch since these were lasting only three weeks in my smoke detectors. After a few weeks, all smoke detectors using them started beeping like they are low on power. A battery tester confirmed the batteries were low. I replaced them with store-bought Rayovac batteries and haven't had any issues.
1	Your milage may vary. My milage is after being recharged less than ten times, two different sets of the batteries rapidly lost capacity to hold charge (from full to empty in 30 seconds) and leaked, each time in a different devices, damaging at least one of them.. I'm hesitant to try any more of them.My opinion garbage.I have been using rechargeable batteries for years. Frys' no name, Energizer and Duracell all worked great. The AmazonBasics are no where near the level of the these brands in regards to quality.
1	Multiple batteries leaked, ruining one toy and causing messes in other items. Poor quality.
1	I have had mine for about 6 months, now 2 won't last mare than a week in my TV remote. Pretty annoying!
1	This is sth i never had with other serious brands. disappointing and returning
1	Trying to contact seller. Product very tarnished and rusty like it's been used or very old. Very disappointed by appearance and quality
1	purchased in sept 2015 went to change because light was not working . batteries leaked and ruined a special optical light . now checking all other light they are in .
1	Put these into a high power flashlight and took my dog out. Within ten minutes the flashlight was so dim that it was worthless. I would never buy these again!
1	I Ordered these to use in my flashes to shoot a wedding. They are with out a doubt the worst batteries I've ever used. They'd last for maybe 30 to 40 shots, and they would start to over heat. I have to dump then into my shirt instead of my hand they were so hot, they would burn you.Typically I can run though a wedding with energizer batters (4 AA) and only have to swap batteries once. I went through this entire pack, and had to go buy more at a store. Which the ones I bought later caused no issues and finished out the night.Very displeased and glad they did not destroy my equipment and blow up like many have had issues with. I will never buy these again.
1	I purchased an 8-pack back in April. I used 2 right away in a remote and put the remaining 6 up in a cabinet. Last night (3 months later) I went to replace batteries in another remote and all 6 were dead. I purchased another box of batteries from a local store, installed them in the remote the remote worked great. Definitely a quality issue on some of these batteries based on other reviews.
1	These run outmuch quicker than the Rayovac Ultra and cost the same...
1	Junk...save your money... totally useless batteries that last hours if that.
1	These batteries leak not satisfied!
1	Ordered these for my son's remote control truck. Put them in both trucks and within a week the batteries in both trucks exploded, ruining both of them. So not only am I out the money I spent on the batteries I have to buy a new truck that costs 50. Spend the extra money and buy Duracell!
1	Second purchase of an amazon battery product and just as disappointing as the first. Batteries don't last very long and they quickly leak battery acid. Installed for less than 1 year and already leaking in two separate devices stored in different conditions. Will never buy amazon batteries again. Definitely not worth the few dollars saved.
1	Asian products are infamous for their low quality, failure, and or harmful nature. These batteries produced in Indonesia live up to that reality. Out of ten batteries I finally found four that had enough juice to power the piece of equipment I purchased them for. Had I know they were made in Asia I would never have purchased them to begin with.
1	short battery life
1	These things only last about a week in a Roku remote I will not be reordering.
1	Batteries last about a week in a wall clock- name brands last six months. Don't waste your money.
1	We have been extremely disappointed in these batteries. Put them in our game camera and they were dead after two weeks. Should have lasted two or three months. Same thing with everything we have used these batteries for. Don't waste your money, Buy Duracell instead.
1	I bought these several months ago. I use them for Xbox One controllers. Using Duracell batteries I get roughly 20+ hours out of 2 AA.With these Amazon ones, after about 6-7 hours I start getting low battery notices, and unlike the Duracell that I get a few warnings with, I only get one shortly before losing all power. Stick with the name brands, I tried these generic ones and regret it.
1	In Firestick remote it lasts about a week before replacement is required. Digging deeper alkaline batteries only last as long as they retain the upper percentage of their voltage. Either I have a bad batch or these degrade quickly in remotes. I plan on asking Amazon why this basic is so short lived in peak voltage retention.
1	Shortest battery life I have ever experienced, using a Microsoft BlueTooth mouse that I have had for years, and have never experienced a shorter time between changing batteries than with these Amazon batteries! Duracell even Energizer or Maxell are far superior given my long decades of experience. Bah Humbug to Amazon on this one.
1	I don't know if I got a bad batch, but I'm getting less than two week's of use when I use them in my Baldwin Keyless Deadbolt (https://www.amazon.com/Baldwin-8252-AC1-Cylinder-Electronic-Deadbolt/dp/B00441UCY0/) which takes 4 AA batteries. The Duracell Alkaline usually last 2-3 months, so I'm pretty appalled at how short these. I'm in San Francisco and it doesn't get that cold so I don't think that's the problem.I've tested the batteries with my tester (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B005G7SBY4) and it indicates they are good and in the green, yet won't drive the deadbolt.When I took the weakened batteries out of the deadbolt (that still show green) and put them in my headlamp (https://www.amazon.com/Fenix-HL23-Headlamp-XP-G2-FENIX-HL23-XP-G2-GOLD/dp/B00SH08UXY/), they only give about 20 minutes before they completely die.
1	I use AA batteries in my double electric breast pump. I usually have to replace Duracell every 3-4 days but these I had to replace every 24 hours or so. Truly did not last long!
1	SO BAD DO NOT EVEN LAST TWO MONTHS IN A MOUSE....A MOUSE!!!!!That's what I call utter garbage. Would return if possible.
1	Dollar store Sunbeam batteries lasted longer than these crappy things. So disappointing!
1	So, I saw all the glowing reviews and was startled by the low price for 48 of this alkaline batteries. Yeah, well, NOW I am startled by how long they last. Uh-oh, make that DON'T last. I don't take but 20 to 30 shots from my little Finepix camera before the lens starts closing when I try to shoot. Compare that to...well, I'm not gonna lie. I never counted, but I took TONS of shots using Duracell alkaline bats. Conservative estimate At least 300 shots for each set of two. Einstein not needed to do the math on that. I just looked and see that they are made in Indonesia, which may or may not matter, since I don't know where Duracells are made. I still have 34 of these lousy things left. Ticks me off, royally!!!(Now, let us see if this shows as a confirmed purchase.
1	I'll give them two stars for the price, but you really do get what you pay for. These batteries seemed to die a lot faster than the Kirkland ones I got from Costco. Or, maybe it's just some of them that fail too soon. I put several new Amazon AA batteries in a few different devices that get a good amount of use. When a couple of those devices stopped working, I tested the batteries. In both cases, only one battery was actually dead, the other was fine. That seems weird, weird enough that I'll go back to Costco for my next battery purchase.
1	These don't last long, wouldn't buy again. Spend the extra money get good batteries.
1	Update 4/30/16:I've been trying to use up the last of the batteries and two more have been found leaking acid since the previous review. I didn't want to just throw them out but at this point is isn't worth the mess and damage to devices.Original Review:Bought two packs of these on subscribe and save in the last couple months. We play laser tag and the guns require 6 batteries each so I thought this would be a good source of cheap batteries for our 8 guns. I put these in about a week ago after having the batteries sitting on a shelf for a couple months. We played a game and then put the guns up. The next time we played ( about 3 days later) I noticed an oily liquid running out of one of the guns. The battery was leaking acid and it had run out of the battery compartment and was all over the outside.I get that it happens to other batteries as well, but that's usually after sitting in a device for months, not a few days. I would not trust these in anything expensive...and take them out immediately after use. I won't buy again. Sorry, no pics...I was busy cleaning up the mess.
1	These batteries are HORRIBLE. I purchased the 36 pack of AAA's a few months ago, and just started using them last week. So far out of 5 batteries used 2 were DOA, 2 lasted 4 days and 1 got so hot the plastic around the end is burnt.
1	Lasted less than half the time of a Duracell alkaline battery in the same conditions. (LED candles, on continuously).
1	Of the 6 I used so far, out of the box and wrapper, completely dead... thanks...
1	Arrived and maybe only 1/3 of the batteries actually worked. The ones that did not work have little juice to them or some are just dead.Sucks because when I ordered AA batteries from the Amazon brand a while back they worked amazing and were of great price. These are cheap but when you factor in how many of them you can actually use this was not a cheap buy at all.
1	I went through all 48 in less than 2 weeks. I can't lie and say they were awesome, when they were not.
1	Terrible - The product lasts less than a week in a home weather station, regardless if warm or cold weather. Cheap Rayovac batteries work just fine and I will stick with buying those locally at Menards.
1	Worst batteries I've ever used. I used them in a sensor light. They only worked l l/2 months while my prior Energizer batteries had worked for 5 l/2 months. I can see why these batteries are so cheap. I definitely would NOT recommend them to anyone.
1	Terrible decision on my part to trust Amazon to make even a decent battery. How hard can it be, right Batteries don't last. Every device I've used them in began to have quirky little malfunctions (remote buttons don't always work or do what they are supposed to do, mouse randomly disconnects from computer, etc.). Maybe I got a bad batch -- all 48 of them. Lesson learned.
1	I tried using these on my mini mist diffuser, amazon basics batteries discharges easily within a week. This is terrible in comparison to energizer batteries which lasts at least 3 months.
1	Are not strong enough to work the remote to my smart tv. Not sure what I will use these for since they only last about two weeks in my other tv remote.
1	Terrible!! The batteries drained way too fast. We put them in wreaths with lights and went dead within 2 days. They were timed for 4 hours so it's not on for long. We used Energizer batteries last year and worked for the 20 days that were on display and didn't have to change any. But I guess for 24 for 100 you get what you pay for. Will not buy these again.
1	The batteries are the very worst I have ever used. I use a wireless mouse for work, and I've had to replace the battery every 2 weeks, instead of once a year like my old batteries. By the time you figure out how bad they are, you will be outside your return window. A fail for Amazon if you ask me, and makes me question whether I should keep shopping with them.
1	The batteries had very short life. Long time fan of Amazon.com, first time buyer of Amazon brand batteries. Replaced batteries in a digital clock. After about 3 months (I bought the batteries in August, and now it's November), the batteries were dead. I have had this clock for years and never had any brand of batteries that lasted so short.
1	I opened up this package fresh and put two AA batteries in my Xbox one controller. It only lasted for a few hours of gameplay. When I took the batteries out they seem quite warm. I used my heat gun and they were 115F. I got a new set of two batteries and placed it in my controller. They only kept the controller on for less than a minute. When I took the batteries out one burned my finger. I grabbed my heat temperature gun and in certain spots it registered over 127I'm not going to try and use anymore in any electronics. I'm not sure what's going on here Amazon.
1	I opened the package today and put in my son car toy, didn't work at all, I took them out and put back in again, didn't work, so I got the other brand battery and put them in, the car run just fine. I'm going to return this and will not buy amazon battery again.
1	The charge is really bad. I used them all up super quick because they don't last. Will not buy again.
1	The package was open and had no batteries....
1	The quality of Amazon AA battery is going down. Now just after a few weeks, even when it shows full power from battery power meter, the Amazon battery cannot be used in many appliances. (bluetooth keyboard, soap dispenser...)
1	I was excited about the prices of these batteries, however you get what you pay for. These batteries are awful. I've used them in toys, remotes, and flashlights. The remote lasted for like a week! I used the flashlight for a few minutes and that's all the use I got out of them. I unsubscribed to this item. No thanks.
1	The worst batteries that i have ever purchased. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY. Dont hold a charge for long and you have to buy Amazon's rechargeable pack. Doesnt work with otber brands but doesnt work with amazons either. I got this huge box and about 6 (yes, 6) actually recharge. Spend the money on duracell or energizer. I have a 4 pack of durcell with a charger and still works after years of recharging
1	Worst batteries I have ever purchased - bought them for Christmas items like battery operated lights and candles but they didn't last even a week with limited usage. Spend a little more and get more for your and time, it'll save you in the long run!
1	Bought these batteries because of the 4 - 5 star ratings from verified purchases.....what These are the worst batteries I've ever used! 1 week of these batteries 1 month or more of brand name batteries.
1	The batteries suck. I have them in my mouse and I have to replace them every week. My Duracell's would last a month. I feel like they are only 1/2 charged, I put new ones in my flash for my high quality camera, and the flash was really slow and dim. Pretty crappy for new batteries. I am not pleased
1	These batteries are terrible. All of my clocks (bought in this same order) need new batteries already because they are all dying. I now have to buy all Energizer batteries. :-(
1	There is no place to contact seller THESE batteries are the worst ! The last two days to a week. I would like a refund!
1	These batteries are the worst. They leak and they die ridiculously fast. I've replaced the battery in my kitchen clock twice in the past month. They last about 6 hours of use in a Wii remote. I usually like the amazon basics brand, but these batteries were a total waste.
1	These batteries come very low charged. I took new batteries and put them in a computer mouse. Next day there was a Mouse Battery is very Low. Its not the first time.
1	I bought these for my cameras. They don't last any time at all. I won't buy these again.
1	These batteries last about 25 of a stander energizer! Dont be suckered in by the price..... WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN!
1	Please be aware that these batteries leak! I put these in a few electric candles and alarm clocks in our house, after a few days the bottom of the candles and clocks were coated with battery acid. No other battery brands have done this in our house before. I cannot tell you if they last long or not, got rid of them immediately.
1	These don't seem to last very long at all. I used them on my light in chicken coop. I replace once a week and only used it 2 or three times each week. Very dissapointed in this purchase. I usually buy our batteries from Costco.
1	These r the worst batteries ever! Amazon should stop selling!!! They last a couple of weeks on a clock! Everyone I've used! I should send back..
1	I thought I was getting a deal when I saw these batteries. Unfortunately, they died after two weeks. I do not recommend buying this brand.
1	Worst performance in AA alkaline batteries we have ever seen. We bought these for use in our manufacturing company, and we used them in a wide variety of applications. Everyone has had poor performance. For clocks that used to have batteries last three years, this brand lasted only several weeks. Same problems when used in a computer mouse by several people, laser pointers, and other applications. We are going back to name-brand AA batteries. This is the worst rating I have given any product in a long time.
1	They don't last. USed in electronics (like computer mice, computer keyboards) Energizer or Duracell last easily 3x longer. Not worth the savings. If its going in some kids game or infrequent use (where the battery would be dead later anyways) ok.
1	They don't seem to last that long as the ones you can get off the store. I bought them because I thought they were cheaper but Sam's club sells them cheaper and they last much longer.Update 1/10/2017Not only do they not last long but the new batteries that say are good till 11/2018 are pretty much dead without any use.Highly disappointed in amazon for this.
1	They don't seem to work except in very low energy items. Can't get them to work in my remotes or in a motion sensor light, but it works on a smaller switch activated night light. :-( oh well
1	Mine don't appear to have a charge. I bought them for a plant watering system that takes AAA batteries. I tried three sets of these AAA batteries in the plant watering system, which works fine currently with rechargeable batteries. They alkaline performance batteries don't work.I was hoping to get longer battery life from these performance batteries but they don't work at all.
1	They don't work. Still to regular brands.
1	These batteries die almost as fast as Harbor Freight free batteries. I expected top quality and got bottom quality.
1	We tried these batteries out but they're trash. They lasted only 2-3 weeks in our tivo remotes which is amazing as we don't watch that much tv.
1	These batteries leak. What more is there to say They are the worst. Do not buy these.
1	DO NOT BUY THEM.I got them because it said they were anti leakage. Well guess what.they leaked!!, completely destroyed my keyboard and I cant even open it up to get the batteries out. A waste of money and will also cost me a whooping 100 for a new keyboard and I cant use my desktop until I get a new keyboard.
1	Very poor batteries. I ordered a box and so far about 50 are either bad out of the box or very soon after.
1	Junk - after trying 10 batteries one worked!
1	Hardly last as long as a stick match. Total waste of money.
1	untrustworthy...dies really quick and doesn't keep the delivery date.
1	Do NOT waste your money on these. I bought a box of 48 in November of 2015. It is now March of 2016, and we've used about a third of them. The rest are all dead already. 10-year shelf life!!! ... nowhere close.
1	DO not buy this product I've received this product to replace batteries in remote-control candles all three candles did not work I was ready to discard the candles when I decided to try different batteries. As soon as I put the different batteries from another company the candles worked fine. Tried to find a place to write to the seller but couldn't so apparently I'm just stuck for the price of the batteries which are useless!!!!!
1	I would give it zero stars if possible. Every single battery came dead. Every. Single. One. Completely useless and a waste of time to try and fight for a refund. Usually I have great faith in AmazonBasics, but now I'm not so sure.
1	I hoped that an Amazon-branded product would have decent quality, but these batteries are just terrible. Their charge will last for about 1/10 of the usual top brands. Very disappointed. I'm never buying an Amazon battery again.
1	I was super bummed about these! I purchased them exactly 3 months ago today. I only used 8 batteries when they arrived, and they have all started to die this week already. When I went to replace them, none of the unopened ones work! So to recap... they did not last long, and only 8 of them were even usable. Very disappointed as we are big Amazon users.
1	My Mother in Law owns a home decor store with a lot of battery operated things like clocks, etc. We ordered these for her and she spent hours putting them in things all around the store. Once they were on they only lasted about 30 minutes. She then had to go back and take them all out and go out and buy different batteries. Really disappointing and a huge hassle for her. Have never had batteries last such a short time. We were very unhappy.
1	Not sure why they won't recharge correctly. Second time this happened with Amazon. Going back to a brand name.
1	The batteries I got have very little charge left in them. 2 batteries only lasted 2 days in my Wii remote, whereas other batteries lasted weeks. V
1	All 20 of the batteries are dead (no power). Very disappointed to receive a product with Amazon's name on it that is useless, especially as a Prime member.
1	Many of these batteries are not working at all. Very disappointed.
1	First eight batteries I tried barely had a charge at all! Don't wast your money.
1	Very Poor battery life... Did not even last 30 minutes in my device where I've had top notch Energizer batteries that lasted weeks if not months!!!These just do not compare to top of the line batteries. Maybe good for a TV remote, but that's about it.
1	Don't last long at all. I've had better luck with cheaper batteries than I've had with these. Duracell batteries in the same equipment with same usage lasted 4 times longer than these Amazon AA Batteries did.
1	These batteries lasted barely 2 weeks in a low drain device. They actually performed worse than dollar store batteries! I can't believe there are so many positive reviews... maybe I got a bad batch. Luckily Amazon is really good about giving refunds, so this is more a warning about not wasting your time on these.
1	Lot's of claims in the description and lots of good reviews here, so I don't know what went wrong, but it appears these batteries really stink.In a TV remote, a pair of these batteries lasted 2 weeks. The name-brand batteries they replaced had lasted several months.In an LED flashlight, a pair of these batteries lasted exactly 2 uses before the light got dim and 3 uses before the batteries were totally dead. I'm talking about, like, less than 10 minutes of cumulative use. The previous batteries had lasted dozens of uses probably at least 3 hours of on-time.I don't know if I got a bad batch (a BIG bad batch of 48), or if I was just tricked into having the wrong expectations. Either way, back to name-brand batteries for me.
1	Horrible. Amazon batteries are the WORST!! I have a battery operated little decorative light string. 2 Duracell batteries will light those things for weeks. 2 amazon batteries last about (and I'm not kidding) maybe 4 hours. Complete waist of money. Dollar store batteries are better. Do NOT purchase these
1	Four in the batch leaked and caused a mess in my charger and device. I threw out the remaining to avoid future problems. In addition, the batteries didn't hold their charge. I presume I must have received a bad batch based on all the positive reviews.
1	I had to go through half of the box to find four batteries that work. Pay a little more for quality batteries that work.
1	Spend the money and buy a name brand. These seriously do not work at all. Such a waste of money
1	These batteries DO NOT last. They are a waste of money.
1	These batteries don't last long. Waste of money.
1	These batteries last 5 minutes. Waste of money.
1	I just open several new, cello packs to use in a motorized window shade cartridge. Loaded them up, plugged the cartridge in - nothing. Took the batteries out and checked each one in a battery tester. 3 of the 12 batteries were good. I opened up several more new packages and tested them before loading them into the cartridge. One out of every five had a charge, and the ones that had a charge were not strong charges. The rest are going to battery recycling. When it comes to batteries, you get what you pay for.
1	These are awful. So far I've used them in my toothbrush, and have had to replace them 3 times in 6 months. I've also used them in my smoke detector and had to replace them within that 6 month period as well. Seriously I usually can go a few years without replacing batteries in a smoke detector. Waste of money.
1	Terrible batteriesDon't last longDon't depend on theseYou're better off buying batteries at the dollar store then here
1	Stopped working after 6 months. Had to throw them away. What a waste.
1	Have tried these in various battery powered devices and they fail very quickly. I won't use them any more as I don't like having to dispose of dead batteries
1	They perform well and the price is fine, but it's not entirely clear when it automatically switches you to AA size when you choose the larger quantity. Amazon snuck in a box of AA on me that way when I was expecting these AAA. Bad, Amazon. Bad.
1	We buy a lot of batteries and was hoping we had a way to get them to us. Theseas as long as the dollar store batteries. Some items 2 weeks, others 1. I will not buy again.
1	we have had nothing but trouble with these batteries. i have installed them in multiple products and they are barely lasting any time at all. we will not be buying these again. maybe amazon can provide us with a new batch as maybe we just got unlucky with ours.
1	They're not strong enough to power my kids' toys... so far they only work with tv remotes. :(
1	These batteries are fairly priced for their quality. Which is to say, they need replacing 4 or 5 times more often than a name brand battery.
1	These worked for about 8 hours and then were dead. What a waste!
1	I came here to look at the one and two star reviews and see that people are saying the same thing I've been thinking since trying to use my first shipment of these batteries which are supposed to be better than the previous version that they replaced. I've used 3 of these batteries so far and each one has barely lasted 2 weeks in my mouse. The previous version usually lasted a couple months at least. It seems like in this day and age it's rare that when things are supposedly improved upon that they're actually better. I can only guess that Amazon found a cheaper supplier for their branded batteries. I guess it's time to cancel my subscribe and save subscription since I'm not the only one who finds these batteries to be subpar to their predecessors. If the rest of the batteries in this pack perform better I'll update my review to reflect that.***Edited to add on 10/12: Now that the 4th battery from this pack lasted just over 2 weeks in my mouse I will be contacting Amazon Customer Service. As I mentioned previously the older version of these batteries worked so well that I have to wonder why they changed them. I see the larger size Amazon batteries still carry the older name.
1	What happened to the green and silver amazon batteries Those worked great. These new ones are terrible. Very short battery life. I've been through two boxes of 48, thought maybe I just got a bad batch the first time, same results.
1	Very mixed bag of opinions about these batteries. My experience as that they are terrible. Amazon should never have put their name on such a poor product.
1	These batteries only last 2-3 days in my tv remote
1	Cheap batteries poor performance. I put two in our Roku remote and they died within a day. Same thing happened with the TV remote.
1	Put these AA batteries in smoke detectors and they immediately start the low battery beeps. Pulled them back out going to see about returning them all - or they will goto recycling. :-(
1	I ordered a box of these AAA. When I received them none of the batteries worked in my flameless candles. I complained and Amazon sent me another box. None of those worked either So I bought some Duracell and they worked fine. I don't understand.
1	Worst batteries ever. I bought these and put them in the drawer till needed. I have thrown out every single one trying to find 3 that work.
1	WORST BATTERIES EVER TRIED. VERY POOR battery life compared to major name brand alkaline
1	I don't even want to give this a star, worst batteries ever, lasted 15 minutes top. Do not buy
1	Shortest life batteries ever, waste of money
1	Worst batteries ever. After m Duracell's in my wireless alarm keypad died after over a year I thought I would try these Amazon batteries. These batteries DO NOT last a week before they die and I have to replace them. Spend the extra money and buy the Duracell's they will same you money in the long run.
1	These are cheap batteries. To make matters worse, Amazon sends old DEAD batteries mixed in with newer ones and ship them off to you. At least half of our last (and final) package had dead batteries and worked for maybe a day. Amazon wouldn't return our money for them. WASTE OF TIME.
1	Worst batteries I ever bought. Less than one hour after installing in remote, popup on tv said remote battery low. Left them in and got about four hours more use before it wouldn't turn on the receiver. The AA's I bought seem to be fine. Not sure why the AAA's didn't last. Put 4 new ones in the remote ... we'll see how these do. The second set of four were no better than the first. Low battery warning after a few hours use (surfing dish tv program guide). All showed just over 1.5 volts before installation. Checked again when first low battery warning came up. Down to .8 volts. Guess I got an old, bad batch. Nothing but Duracell from here on out. Would not recommend these batteries !
1	These are by far the WORST batteries I have ever purchased. I have previously purchased bulk batteries from other vendors. When I ran out of the previous batteries I thought would order more. When I saw that these were branded by Amazon I thought I could not lose...WRONG! As an example, when I put these batteries in a thermostat they are dead within a few days. I normally put batteries in this thermostat once a year...not every few days. 2nd Example: I put the batteries in a bluetooth mouse (normally batteries last a few months) and they are dead within a week.I don't know if I have a bad batch or what but they are TERRIBLE. Take this into account before you order.
1	These batteries are the worst batteries I've ever purchased. I am in disbelief how quickly they died! I put them in 2 very small 4 tall portable night lights for my kids and both night lights became very dim overnight. The batteries had to be replaced after 2 nights for the night lights to even serve the purpose. I've since put these batteries in other things around the house and I am not impressed at all. I'll stick to buying batteries at Costco in the future.
1	What went wrong These are the worst AAA batteries I've ever purchased. Make that the worst batteries ever purchased. I've used over half of them so far and I'm getting about 25 of the life I previously got from Duracell and other brand names.
1	Our experience with all Amazon batteries have been bad. They dont last nearly as long as a Duracel or Energizer. I literally replaced my computer mouse battery with an Amazon AAA battery 2 days ago and its already out. We have to replace everything that has an Amazon battery constantly. Will not buy these again.
1	Worst batteries ever. They have a short life in every item I used them in. One example (but similar with all devices): I have a battery operated clock that needs the batteries changed every 3 years. I need to change these every three months. Will never purchase these again.
1	Worst product. Have to trash it out, because I was so upset. Did not serve the propose I bought it for.
1	I will never purchase batteries online ever again! I should have never believed that this is Unique Japanese technology that enables better performance after storage, over-discharge, and high temperatures, because frankly IT DID NOT EVEN LAST FOR TWO DAYS FOR MY DIGITAL CLOCK THAT HAS FOUR PLACEMENTS OF AAA BATTERIES. At first I believed it was a bad batch of a four pack batteries, no problem, THEN, a week and a half has passed and I had to change the batteries for my clock FIVE TIMES! I hope this review will convince you (the reader) to never purchase these batteries, I know they are not that expensive and I shouldn't make a big deal out of it, but it is frustrating to see the seller LIE MORE THAN ONCE, took their sweet a** time to deliver it to the buyer (about a month in waiting), and never sent any form of confirmation in purchasing their product. Well that's that, have a good one!
1	Wrong size!! Just awful. Not worth money
1	you certainly get what you pay for....I bought these because the cost was about half of what I pay for name brand batteries. They last about 25 as long as the brand batteries. Hmmmm...paid half for something that lasts one quarter......My financial advisor is still wagging his finger at me
1	Sorry Amazon. You guys are great at what you do by selling your products at reasonable prices and good no hassle returns and I am a very happy customer. But I purchased a box each of your AAA, AA, and D Cell batteries. I have used the AAA's for remotes with no apparent problems so far. I have not used the D Cells yet, but the AA batteries are the worst batteries I have ever used. They don't last long in my flash lights. My son had four batteries that actually blew up inside the unit. I heard a loud pop while the unit was playing after five minutes or so. I wanted to know what happened, and looked inside the unit and the green - negative containment ring/sealer had blown out and acid was all over the inside of the unit. I had to throw the rest of these batteries in the trash because I am worried about my little ones getting acid on them. Amazon Your good name should not be on those bad batteries.
1	Everyone read the 1 star reviews..the 5 star reviews must be people reviewing immediately. The 10 year promise is crap. I have 48 AA and 36 AAA batteries that are all dead after 1 year. The Dollar Tree batteries are better. Pay the extra money and don't fall for Amazons broken promises or guarantees.
1	The battery life is much poorer compared to name brands like energizer and Duracell.
1	I find these batteries fail in a short time on items like wireless thermometers and wall clocks. On an average changing is required within a month. I would not purchase these again.
1	3 of them exploted and damage my charger that I bought here what is going to happen with my charger not satisfied with the batteries
1	These batteries are horrible. We depend on AA batteries for many wireless microphone and have found that brand-name batteries last about a month per our usage. We switched to Amazon basics to try it out when a subscription for our preferred brand was no longer available and have found that, under the same usage, these batteries last about a week. That's a 1/4 capacity.
1	These don't last long at all.
1	WORST batteries EVER. I thought there would be no appreciable difference between these and Duracell. I was wrong. Mouse was VERY sluggish and would sometimes stop working with these batteries. Replacing them with another set of these batteries did not help. My husband thought the computer had a virus. Problem SOLVED with Duracell. I will not be purchasing these batteries again. Amazon FAIL.
1	Approximately half of the batteries I've tried so far are dead. Low expectations for the remainder of the lot, and never buy these again.
1	Died after 5 uses in my coffee frother wand. Won't buy again.
1	These are bad batteries with very short life. I returned my first order assuming that I got a bad batch (despite the expiration date years away). Started using the replacement order in late May and already have to replace the batteries.I love Amazon Basics products and Amazon service but this product is a big dud. This is the first negative review I've ever written about a product on Amazon.
1	Wrong item.
1	These batteries are bad. In any device the last only a very short time.
1	Many of the batteries are no good.
1	Wish I didn't buy these. Amazon does a lot of things well but batteries No. Not so much. These do not work for more than a moment. Lay the extra for name brand.
1	It states that the batteries last a while. But I use them for my TV remotes. And I ended up buying Energizer a few days later. They do not last. I changed batteries twice the day I got them in mail.The triple A were no better.
1	Terrible. Just changed the batteries on my wireless keyboard... yesterday. Already dead. Put another set in low powered christmas lights. Dead in about an hour. (I have another identical christmas light set, powered by Energizer batteries. Still going after many many days of running).Unfortunately bought the 48 pack. Won't make this mistake again.
1	Batteries are larger than normal and do not fit my audio gear or guitars... if you need these for sound or audio I'd pass...
1	These do not last at all. I have a very mini desk fan that takes 4 AA and they need to be changed every other day.
1	These batteries die very fast. These are used in a remote and I have replaced them 4 times within a year. The previous batteries lasted 3 years.
1	This batteries have been disappointing. Use them for holiday decorations and some of the items that used to go for weeks are not requiring batteries every couple of days.
1	Extremely short shelf-life and usage life would never buy Amazon batteries again
1	2 out of the 8 batteries popped while on the charger. I got battery acid all over my hands trying to get them out and cleaned up.
1	Some of the unused batteries stored in AC room show signs of deterioration within six months of purchase. Poor battery performance
1	Had my first battery leak from the package. Installed batteries in November 2016 in house thermostat, so a fairly important device. Not sure when the leak began, but was discovered today (1/13/2017 - little more than two months later) after the furnace was running non-stop and house temperatures reached over 80 F. Checked the batteries and found one had leaked all over the contacts and battery holder in the thermostat.
1	Gave these batteries a shot, because we've had great luck with AmazonBasics products. I just purchased the AAA and AA AmazonBasics batteries. These batteries do not last. I have a flashlight that uses 4 AAA batteries, and have gone through 8 batteries in a one week span. These die very quickly. I have had a similar experience with the AA batteries on a wireless Mac keyboard. Would not recommend these batteries.
1	Low quality batteries - they die after using a few times. Better to go with big brand name
1	I just went to use these for the first time... and they exploded in the remote I put them in! Literally, a loud pop and a black liquid was leaking out into my remote and all over my hands. Needless to say, it scared me to death!
1	bought these batteries because the duracell batteries tend to leak, but these batteries i had to replace in five light sets that the duracellslast months these lasted a week. The duracells leak but only if you leave them dormant in the fixture.
1	Bought these for my sisters day care. She said half of them did not work at all, were dead when received
1	The batteries are sligtly bigger and will not fit in some electronics I thought AA was the standard size Nope, I was wrong, but the good news is I now am the proud owner of 48 slightly oversized batteries that do not fit in most of my battery operated devices. Perfect! Out of 9400 reviews nobody noticed the size issue with these
1	Not good. Don't last a week.
1	I can only think of one way to describe this item...JUNK!!!
1	Batteries die quicker than Dollar store batteries. Used these batteries on various products -toothbrush, computer mouse, camera flash, etc. Batteries at best lasted half as much compared to Energizer and Duracell. Would not recommend!
1	These batteries did not do the job for us. They were low powered and did not last as long as their competition.I thought all AA batteries were the same but after our experience with these I have to say that you get what you pay for.I am not sure how or why they are different than other batteries, lower voltage less capacitanceThey are cheap - do not buy them.
1	These batteries leak easily and I found them hard to insert into a toy that required AAA. Did not have this problem when I switched them with brand name batteries.
1	These batteries are crap. Last a few days in xbox controller. Energizer lasts months. Don't waste your money.
1	These are the worst batteries i have ever bought. Two days in my remote for tv and replaced and 2 days later,dead. Im very dissappointed with you Amazon for selling this to me.
1	Just put them in 3 days ago and already dead. Going with the name brand next time.
1	These are the worst batteries I have ever come across. I just discovered today that mostof the batteries I was sent were dead. I put 8 batteries into a device 3 weeks ago and the batteries were already dead (energizers lasted a year and a half in the same device) I put 4 others into another device and they lasted only 1 month (energizers lasted 2 years in this device). Both devices were operated under the same conditions. I tried putting new Amazon batteries into the devices, and the devices didn't work I tried putting another set in, same problem. I then placed Energizer batteries into the devices, and they work. I essentially bought 12 working batteries that lasted less than a month in devices that used them in such a manner they would last 12x as long. Never purchasing Amazon batteries again. I would return them for being dead, but I am outside the 30 day return window.
1	Defective and cheap. Only a third held any charge and those died super fast.
1	We must have gotten a defective lot, because these have caused every fire alarm in the house to sound within days of installing these batteries. Too late to return. So much for 10 year shelf life.
1	I put two of these batteries in my wireless mouse and in less than two hours use, they had burned up. The mouse quit working and I went to check the batteries and they literally burned my fingers trying to get them out. I will throw the rest of them away and NEVER buy these again.I know I'll never get my money back. I'll just write it off as a lesson learned.
1	These batteries wore out much too quickly. I almost replaced the weather station after it went through 2 sets of batteries in about 1 month. Luckily, something else with the same kind of batteries burned out the same day and I realized that the batteries were bad, not the electronics. .
1	DID NOT RECIEVE AA I only recieved Cbatteries!
1	I have no idea why these batteries are reviewed so well. I used them in a small LED keyboard light for my computer, and I had to change them weekly. Sure you get more batteries for less money, but in total I think you'd be better off buying a quality brand.
1	these suck! They run out in literally just a few days. I have used several sets of these for my AC thermostat which is battery powered and the thermostat died every few days when using amazon brand batteries. using Duracell or energizer - they last for at least a few mos. I will never buy amazon batteries again. You get what you pay for.
1	these batteries died very quickly when compared to energizer or Duracell. Spend a little more and get a lot more battery life.
1	the last time i had batteries go dead so soon were the ones i purchased at harbor freight.. i had to change the batteries in a comcast remote every 2 weels and in my digital camera , without the flash after 20 shots..
1	Cheap price but they sure don't last very long. I won't buy the Amazn brand again.
1	Does not turn well at all. Will be returning it
1	Don't bother. The AA's I bought got remotes last a third as long as everready batteries.
1	Worked for one day, then stopped working. Can't tell if it deterred any cats because it only went off when I walked by, but didn't register the cats when they jumped on the counter.Would not recommend.
1	I am disappointed with this purchase. I purchased these for my Dad, delivered to him in October, 2015. I am visiting, and just opened the brand new package, and inserted 4 of them to run his blood pressure cuff. The machine worked, but the battery indicator showed low, I switched the batteries with other brand new amazon batteries - same reading. Then I switched with another set of name brand batteries, and the battery indicator showed high/full. If I was home, I would have used my battery meter. No 10 year shelf life - not even a 10 month shelf life. Amazon, I am usually one of your biggest fans, but not this time.
1	DOA. Had to replace with other batteries. What a disappointment. Threw them away. :(
1	I got a bad batch. 4 of them arrived dead. I would have sent them back but I missed my window.
1	Don't Buy! I thought it was a great deal initially, but these batteries are drained SUPER QUICKLY. I have one in my wireless Logitech mouse and I have had to replace the battery 4 times since November, that is 5 batteries in 2 months that is ridiculous! I have started buying the Duracell ProCell Batteries, I am having much better results.
1	These straight up don't work. I have put 6 different, brand new batteries from this pack into a controller and none of them have worked. Steer clear.
1	Great deal price wise but don't seem to last very long at all. So really not a good deal at all. Would not buy again.
1	This is my 2nd time ordering them and even though they arrive very fast and nicely packaged, these batteries only last about an hour and a half on my son's toy train.
1	I don't know why but these things don't last long. Maybe I don't know anything about batteries and there is certain number I should be looking for to determine the life span. I ended up going through these quickly so I could probably just buy the expensive ones and get the same life rather than keeping on purchasing these.
1	These batteries don't last half as long as the RayoVacs I usually get.
1	Disappointed... In my handheld Microsoft wireless game controller these last about 1 week. Duracell/Energizers last 3-4 weeks... Amazon needs to select a higher quality re-branded battery to sell as Amazon Prime. Amazon could dominate this market by simply selling, close to these prices, a 5 longer lasting battery than Duracell. DON'T PUT THESE IN ANY EMERGENCY DEVICE... like smoke detectors, emergency flashlights and radios.
1	These batteries are supposed to be 1.5 volts. But I opened and tried to use them as soon as I got them and had problems.I checked the batteries and they only had 1.25 volts upon delivery and of course they are non returnable.Don't waste your money on these, go ahead and pay a little more and get the popular name brands.
1	Awful. Bought these specifically for my very small milk frother, these batteries can barely power the thing! I used whatever name brand in the frother before this and it ran full blast. But with the Amazon batteries, it gets up to like medium speed and doesn't even last 1/2 as long. Will never buy Amazon batteries again.
1	Very, very, very difficult to turn on and off, not sticky enough and kept falling down, complete waste of money.When I could get them on and they were sticking, the lighting effect was very nice however, the quality of the product was zero.
1	Worst battery I have ever came across. Don't use for children's toys leaks battery acid. Had in my daughters mobile and the batteries only lasted 4 days when any other battery lasts a month and when I replaced them this morning I found they leaked battery acid all over.
1	Bought a, c d 9v batteries in April the AAA seemed fine but went to replace them 4 backs dead. I tried 5th pack and they worked. I will no longer be buying batteries from Amazon you can not count on them. I had d didn't work I hope 9v work. Some of these where for fire alarms not long lasting or don't workUsed c batteries they lasted 12 0f a CD Amazon batteries are horrible
1	I've only found 2 out of the box that have lasted longer than a week!
1	Went cheap...got cheap. DO NOT BUY. Went to pack for an upcoming trip and noticed brown stuff all over. I was storing the batteries in a separate case (which is now ruined). Thank goodness this wasn't in any if my expensive scuba or camera equipment. Never had other brands do this. Always store batteries outside of equipment anyways. Totally bummed. Shame on you Amazon. Get out of the battery business. I buy A LOT on Amazon... ALOT, but no more batteries.
1	The advertisement promises a 4 channel boat. It is not - only one channel. Consequently, kids can't play simultaneously with more than one boat (which was the reason I bought several). Simple false advertising. The main reason I bought this model over others was that it was promised with multiple channels.
1	These batteries are junk. Some of the new once have no more power than the once they replaced. If they are good, they ware out very quickly. I don't like to make negative reports, but these are so bad!
1	They are bad batteries. Not long lasting at all
1	absolute garbage, noteven a 1/4 of the battery of a regular energizer, dies so quick, tested, compared for months, sorry Not worth the money atany price, except maybe free.
1	I purchased these batteries because of the price and the backing of Amazon. I figured Amazon wouldn't put their name on a poor product. I used 12 of these batteries in an application and all 12 failed within a few days. Other batteries lasted months. For now I'll stay away from this product and fork out a few more bucks for a battery from a main stream manufacturer.
1	These battery only last a few months in my dish network remote controls (have 10 of them). Duracells last over a yearI will no longer purchase Amazon batteries. Disappointed
1	I have never had problems with the Amazon brand batteries before until this time around. I use these for battery operated candles and normally 3 AAA batteries will last in my candle a couple of weeks on a timer. I replaced the batteries 2 days ago with these batteries in 3 separate candles and all three candles do not work less than 24 hours later. Not sure if this batch was defective or not, but I won't risk spending the money and buying them again to not have them work.
1	Sorry Amazon, I love you, but these batteries are terrible. They don't last long at all. Reordered before I realized that they peter out in short order. They have failed in every application requiring batteries. Unfortunately, their made in Indonesia. Wasn't putting them in the China slot immediately but have no choice to do so. Applications referred to are, tooth brush, remote controls, motion lights, etc. Purchased, AAA AA with no difference in performance. I enjoyed the idea of being stocked up on quantity, but the quantity doesn't replace quality. Won't be ordering these batteries again. But will be shopping for a superior product.J.MAC
1	I had high hopes for these and very surprised at alt he high rating. I must have received a bad batch. This is a large qty and 6-8 months after purchase, using these batteries and they are no good. I figured they just wore out since i did not use them. Very disappointed and a good 20+ are trash. Real bummer.
1	I purchased the AA batteries for my Nest smoke detectors. The batteries that came with the Nest lasted for a couple of years, so I expected similar performance from the Amazon AA's. In less than 2 months after my purchase, the Nest indicated that they had to be replaced again. This product is not to Amazon's expected standards. I will give it a miss.
1	This is the first Amazon product I've purchased. I thought that batteries would be a good first try since there really can't be much difference between alkaline batteries.I am a working musician teacher. I sing with a band and use a Shure Wireless Beta 58 mic. A normal set of alkaline batteries last about 7-8 hours in my mic. The first gig I used these with was about 3 1/2 hours with the mic on and by the end of the gig the light on the mic showing battery was showing that the battery was about to die. I was just lucky that it lasted long enough for the entire gig. Usually I can get two full gigs out of an alkaline battery. Just as a comparison, I usually buy the cheapest boxes of batteries at Lowe's. Those batteries are only slightly more expensive than the Amazon Basics and last twice as long in my mic.I can't say how these batteries work in other things, but I can say that for what I use them for they are a big waste of money. I would rather use batteries that cost 15-20 more and last twice as long.
1	WHAT A HORRENDOUS PRODUCT. I THOUGHT THAT BEING FROM AMAZON IT WOULD BE GOOD. WRONG!!!! IT'S STILL CHINESE FIRST.LASTS NOTHING (2 WEEKS IN MY COMPUTER MOUSE). DISASTROUS DISAPPOINTMENT. FIRST TIME I AM LET DOWN BY AMAZON. PITY! I GUESS I SHOULD HAVE BEEN MORE CAREFUL AND LESS GULLIBLE.
1	These batteries were expired dead when they arrived at my house. I was very disappointed.
1	I'm a huge fan of amazon so I figured I'd give these a shot. These have no life whatsoever. Even something as low-power as tv remotes they only last about 2 weeks tops.Spend the extra money and go with name brand.
1	You get what you pay for. They do not last very long at all. It's better to buy Duracell.
1	Maybe I received a defective batch but these are so bad.No longevity at all. Used up within 2 weeks whereas the branded ones last 2 months!I will not purchase them again regardless of the lower cost.
1	I used these to replace the batteries in my digital safe. A week or two later I needed to access something from the safe, but it wouldn't open. I was sure I was entering the right code, but the safe just beeped and didn't unlock. I didn't suspect the batteries right away because they were still almost new. But eventually I plugged in a different brand and that's all it took the get the safe to work properly again. It was a big relief, and interesting to find out that AA batteries aren't all created equal.
1	WHAT THE HECK! I have a SERIOUS issue with these batteries! I put them into my Amazon FireTV remote which kept draining batteries, and within a few minutes it quit working and gave up, thinking I had a bad remote. A few days later when I opened the case the batteries were had leaked all over the compartment.Just NOW, while typing on my keyboard, several of the batteries were sitting there next to my keyboard. I heard a hiss and felt a jet of air hit my right hand and I started coughing and choking on whatever the heck it was that came out of the battery.I'm throwing these away and will never trust this brand again.
1	Every single battery leaked battery acid after the first few charges or uses. Some while in the device it was powering and others while in the charging station. I thought perhaps it could be the charging station I was using so I purchased another brand but it didn't make a difference. I also never left the batteries in the charger once they were fully charged. This happened with the AAA batteries I purchased as well. And when I say leaked battery acid I'm talking about literal puddles of acid that would pool under the charging station or begin leaking from the device. I had to throw away a few children's toys as well as an xbox 1 controller. The skin on the tips of my fingers peeled away a few times as well from overexposure to the battery acid after having to clean so many surfaces and devices from it getting everywhere. Please don't buy this product They are completely ineffective and its simply an unsafe product. All in all purchasing these batteries cost me around 100+ in having to buy replacements for the devices they ruined.
1	Bought these March 2015. It's now Feb 2017 and my son said his toy lightsaber had just stopped working. Opened it up and batteries have leaked causing corrosion to contacts. No longer works, even with new batteries. It's not a very expensive toy, but the 1 most important aspect of a battery is that it not leak. What's the point of saving a few dollars on batteries if they are going to ruin something much more expensiveWith major brands, you can send in leaked batteries and device for repair or refund. Although I've never done thisThe version I bought were silver and green, so perhaps they have changed.Leaked batteries had 1.46,1.46,1.25v respectively.
1	I like these batteries, but a couple of times now after putting them in I have opened up the compartments to find battery acid leaking out inside, I figured it was just a one off, but it has now happened several times, I am reluctant to use them anymore in case I damage items
1	I ordered these thinking they were rechargeable (I recognize the error on my part but that is not my complaint here) .. so when I received them and used them I was not surprised that they died VERY quickly. Upon attempting to recharge these I figured out they aren't rechargeable (Once again big duh on my part)..Now I'm seriously surprised that I'm only getting a few hours of use out of them!! like a quarter of the use that a typical battery should offer. Horribly disappointed.. I will go back to the name brand batteries for sure.
1	May have been a fluke, but these lasted not even 10 minutes in two very different devices - a kid's toy and wireless mouse. Will just pay extra next time for brand name batteries.
1	SAVE YOUR MONEY. Buy the name brand. I have a bathroom light that uses 3 AAA batteries. I typically get 6 months out of it with regular batteries I get roughly a week out of it with these. Sure, they are cheaper but you will buy them 4x as often. Worst Amazon purchase thus far.
1	Put together mobile but it refuses to turn. Kind of pointless. Next time would spend a few more dollars and get something more sturdy and reliable.
1	I wanted solar batteries.
1	They were duds. I bought them before christmas so I could stick them in the toys and not one worked. I tried them on other items to make sure it wasn't the toys and not the batteries . Nope , it was all of the batteries. I only give one star for the reason I got them on time ....now I have a box of triple a batteries that don't work . so glad I caught that before christmas or I would have had disappointed children on christmas.
1	3/4 of the package have been duds. Lasted about 15 minutes. Now I get to go to the trouble to return them. When you shop with Amazon, it's to save time. This defeats that purpose.
1	These batteries did not even last a day with some LED lights we used. I do not recommend these to anyone. Go with a good brand name.
1	These batteries leaked into my mouse and killed it. Not cool Amazon.
1	These worked for about a week. Then started leaking and just stopped working. I ended up throwing them away. I even had to throw a string of lights out because of the leaks of batteries.
1	I will not purchase these again. They last about 1/2 the life of the Duracell ones.
1	Not suitable for toys. Drained within just a couple of days.
1	Not worth a crap don't waist your money. I purchased these for under cabinet lighting and they hardly have enough power. The light is way more dim than other batteries.
1	This batteries didn't last very long in anything we used them in (clock, toy, flashlights). Would not buy them again.
1	Overpriced, works about the same as raovac.
1	Batteries die very quickly. Spend the extra for better batteries.
1	a few in the lot didn't work at all.
1	All were dead
1	almost most of the batteries drained out in 1 or 2 weeks with moderate use
1	Alot of the batteries were dead or very weak
1	Bad quality, many of the batteries were blank, not charged. Some only lasted for a week or so.
1	Batteries are awful. Might get 1/4 the life other batteries Ive used. Will not be buying Amazon batteries again.
1	Batteries did not last more than two days
1	batteries didnt even last one month...very dissapointed
1	Batteries must be old don't work!
1	batteries used primarily for remotes, batteries last for about 1 month
1	BRUTAL! THEY DONT LAST LONG AT ALL!
1	Dangerous
1	Die way too fast
1	Do not last near as long as other 'off brand' batteries
1	Does not last as long as the good batteries
1	don't last long. Replace batteries in my clock almost every 2 months.
1	Half of the batteries received were dead and there is no replace option.
1	Horrible batteries. So far every battery we have used hasn't worked!!!
1	I updated my credit car d more than six weeks ago. I won't bother you in the future.
1	I was missing a pack of 4 batteries when I opened the box today. Not impressed.
1	I'm truly disappointed with these batteries
1	Inconsistent. VERY short life.
1	Junk wont charge
1	Just what I needed - thank you
1	LOVE THE BATTERIES.THANKS
1	never again. don't last. especially short life in cold weather.
1	No good...worthless. I have no use for them.
1	None of the batteries work
1	Not universal. Did not work on garage door opener, given as gift but now cannot return.
1	poor quality
1	Returned for later purchase
1	Run down very quickly!
1	should buy duracell
1	Terrible battery life!!!!
1	That's crap
1	The package was open and missing two batteries.
1	These batteries are absolute garbage. Very little capacity.
1	These batteries are awful, have no power and die fast
1	these batteries do not last long and we have quite a few that are leaking..
1	these batteries do not perform as good as the cheapest ones on the market.
1	These die way too fast.
1	These suck. Had for a week. Stopped working. Garbage.
1	theses batteries don't last very long not worth the money
1	they are terrible
1	they do not last at all would love to get my money refunded.
1	They paired these with a order that uses AA
1	Total crap. Batteries last for minutes.
1	Used these for 2 insta bulb lights purchased from here also and they last about a week. Crazy!!!
1	Utterly worthless, no staying power.
1	Wore out way to fast
1	Worst battery I've ever used. Lasts 1/3 as long as eveready!!!
1	Wrong Item
1	Do not leave these batteries sitting on a dresser... or pretty much anywhere you don't want battery acid leaked onto. We took the batteries out of our remote at night and woke up to our brand new 3500 dresser ruined. Awesome.
1	Ordered these batteries along with a wall mounted mirror. Upon inserting these batteries the light did not work. Thinking something was wrong with the mirror. I decided to go to Target and buy more batteries. Replacing your batteries my light now works. I would return them but the return date was past due. Thanks for your time.
1	I received these batteries today and looked at the date after reading another review and the batteries are 4 years out of date. Please don't buy these.
1	There were 2 batteries missing from the pack. Just annoying enough to write a bad review. Not annoying enough to do anything else about it...
1	These batteries are actually falling apart before we use them. They are junk
1	Batteries seem to have very short life.........
1	Multiple batteries leaked, ruining one toy and causing messes in other items. Poor quality.
1	I have had mine for about 6 months, now 2 won't last mare than a week in my TV remote. Pretty annoying!
1	These last about 5 hrs in a roku remote using the headphones. Really disappointed in how long they last.
1	Both packs were useless. Confirmed low charge with multimeter.
1	These run outmuch quicker than the Rayovac Ultra and cost the same...
1	Given its price, probably makes sense but doesn't last very long even with lower power usage or lesser used devices. I'd spend few dollars more and buy Duracell pack from Costco.
1	Second purchase of an amazon battery product and just as disappointing as the first. Batteries don't last very long and they quickly leak battery acid. Installed for less than 1 year and already leaking in two separate devices stored in different conditions. Will never buy amazon batteries again. Definitely not worth the few dollars saved.
1	Asian products are infamous for their low quality, failure, and or harmful nature. These batteries produced in Indonesia live up to that reality. Out of ten batteries I finally found four that had enough juice to power the piece of equipment I purchased them for. Had I know they were made in Asia I would never have purchased them to begin with.
1	short battery life
1	Lasted for barely any time at all. I have no idea why some batteries last longer than others but I can attest that these were stored in the exact same condition in our home as another brand of battery and the Amazon ones lasted for far less than half the life of the namebrands. I'm always willing to give Amazon products a try, but these batteries left a lot to be desired.
1	Batteries last about a week in a wall clock- name brands last six months. Don't waste your money.
1	We have been extremely disappointed in these batteries. Put them in our game camera and they were dead after two weeks. Should have lasted two or three months. Same thing with everything we have used these batteries for. Don't waste your money, Buy Duracell instead.
1	I bought these several months ago. I use them for Xbox One controllers. Using Duracell batteries I get roughly 20+ hours out of 2 AA.With these Amazon ones, after about 6-7 hours I start getting low battery notices, and unlike the Duracell that I get a few warnings with, I only get one shortly before losing all power. Stick with the name brands, I tried these generic ones and regret it.
1	Shortest battery life I have ever experienced, using a Microsoft BlueTooth mouse that I have had for years, and have never experienced a shorter time between changing batteries than with these Amazon batteries! Duracell even Energizer or Maxell are far superior given my long decades of experience. Bah Humbug to Amazon on this one.
1	I don't know if I got a bad batch, but I'm getting less than two week's of use when I use them in my Baldwin Keyless Deadbolt (https://www.amazon.com/Baldwin-8252-AC1-Cylinder-Electronic-Deadbolt/dp/B00441UCY0/) which takes 4 AA batteries. The Duracell Alkaline usually last 2-3 months, so I'm pretty appalled at how short these. I'm in San Francisco and it doesn't get that cold so I don't think that's the problem.I've tested the batteries with my tester (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B005G7SBY4) and it indicates they are good and in the green, yet won't drive the deadbolt.When I took the weakened batteries out of the deadbolt (that still show green) and put them in my headlamp (https://www.amazon.com/Fenix-HL23-Headlamp-XP-G2-FENIX-HL23-XP-G2-GOLD/dp/B00SH08UXY/), they only give about 20 minutes before they completely die.
1	So, I now have an angry 2 year old. A broken new toy. And batteries that I cannot trust. I put new batteries in the toy and it stopped working a couple days later. I opened it up to find some batteries leaked also ruining the toy.Edit: Amazon has made since replaced the batteries for me.
1	Update 4/30/16:I've been trying to use up the last of the batteries and two more have been found leaking acid since the previous review. I didn't want to just throw them out but at this point is isn't worth the mess and damage to devices.Original Review:Bought two packs of these on subscribe and save in the last couple months. We play laser tag and the guns require 6 batteries each so I thought this would be a good source of cheap batteries for our 8 guns. I put these in about a week ago after having the batteries sitting on a shelf for a couple months. We played a game and then put the guns up. The next time we played ( about 3 days later) I noticed an oily liquid running out of one of the guns. The battery was leaking acid and it had run out of the battery compartment and was all over the outside.I get that it happens to other batteries as well, but that's usually after sitting in a device for months, not a few days. I would not trust these in anything expensive...and take them out immediately after use. I won't buy again. Sorry, no pics...I was busy cleaning up the mess.
1	These batteries are HORRIBLE. I purchased the 36 pack of AAA's a few months ago, and just started using them last week. So far out of 5 batteries used 2 were DOA, 2 lasted 4 days and 1 got so hot the plastic around the end is burnt.
1	Worst batteries I've ever bought. Last about two weeks in a remote control.
1	We bought these batteries to use in a medical Holter Monitor. Typically we put batteries in for 24 or 48 hour monitors. After one use, we need to replace the batteries. These batteries did not even last the 24 hours. Patients wasted their time and the testing was wasted. It was embarrassing to make the patient reschedule their test due to our equipment failure. These cost our business money. Will never buy again.
1	Most of these batteries either do not have any life left to them or they are die out after one use. terrible product.
1	Are not strong enough to work the remote to my smart tv. Not sure what I will use these for since they only last about two weeks in my other tv remote.
1	Can't believe Amazon's name is on these pieces of dung. Very short life. I've migrated to Eneloop rechargeables for AAA as well as AA now big savers, as I have a lot of doodads.
1	I opened the package today and put in my son car toy, didn't work at all, I took them out and put back in again, didn't work, so I got the other brand battery and put them in, the car run just fine. I'm going to return this and will not buy amazon battery again.
1	These DO NOT WORK. I have tried them in 2-3 different clocks, and they are not working at all. When replaced with other batteries, the clocks started to work fine again.You get what you pay for...
1	Do not use these in any techy gadget, including remote controls, keyboards, and especially cameras!
1	These batteries are awful!! I usually use duracell AA in my small Christmas light strings and they last me 2.5-3 weeks with being constantly on. These have lasted about 4 days with the same use. I read other reviews which stated they were the same but it wasn't until I put them in my normal light strings that I saw the difference. Will NOT order again.
1	These batteries don't work well! My bluetooth mouse wouldn't stay on any more, even when I put fresh Amazon batteries in them. So I bought a new mouse and it wouldn't work with the new batteries. Then I used Duracell and the mouse was fine!Same thing happened with my Roku remote.
1	These r the worst batteries ever! Amazon should stop selling!!! They last a couple of weeks on a clock! Everyone I've used! I should send back..
1	Very little capacity. They last only about 25 as long when compared with other main stream batteries
1	They don't seem to work except in very low energy items. Can't get them to work in my remotes or in a motion sensor light, but it works on a smaller switch activated night light. :-( oh well
1	These batteries die almost as fast as Harbor Freight free batteries. I expected top quality and got bottom quality.
1	They last a very short time once in use. Put fresh ones in a soap dispenser and they lasted 8 days. Other brand lasted 2 months
1	Burnt up a copper string light I have been using for a years. Short life on other electronics compared to Duracell. Left in a wii controller for 2 months and leaked all over.
1	Hardly last as long as a stick match. Total waste of money.
1	DO not buy this product I've received this product to replace batteries in remote-control candles all three candles did not work I was ready to discard the candles when I decided to try different batteries. As soon as I put the different batteries from another company the candles worked fine. Tried to find a place to write to the seller but couldn't so apparently I'm just stuck for the price of the batteries which are useless!!!!!
1	Not sure why they won't recharge correctly. Second time this happened with Amazon. Going back to a brand name.
1	When I opened the package there were only 17 batteries, not the 20 that I ordered and paid dor.
1	I often buy Amazon Basic products, and until I tried their batteries I've never had a complaint. But these batteries drain faster than any but the absolute cheapest I've ever used. So no bargain there. You get what you pay for with this, unlike most other Amazon branded items.
1	Very Poor battery life... Did not even last 30 minutes in my device where I've had top notch Energizer batteries that lasted weeks if not months!!!These just do not compare to top of the line batteries. Maybe good for a TV remote, but that's about it.
1	Don't last long at all. I've had better luck with cheaper batteries than I've had with these. Duracell batteries in the same equipment with same usage lasted 4 times longer than these Amazon AA Batteries did.
1	These batteries lasted barely 2 weeks in a low drain device. They actually performed worse than dollar store batteries! I can't believe there are so many positive reviews... maybe I got a bad batch. Luckily Amazon is really good about giving refunds, so this is more a warning about not wasting your time on these.
1	I used the batteries in my flameless candles 3x for about8 hours. Total bummer! They all died. Won't purchase again!Amazon should reconsider selling these turkeys Wow. Was IDisappointed. How about a replacement for these fake batterieswith real ones!
1	Awful. Have almost gone through a whole box to find a battery or two that actually work.
1	I had to go through half of the box to find four batteries that work. Pay a little more for quality batteries that work.
1	Very mixed bag of opinions about these batteries. My experience as that they are terrible. Amazon should never have put their name on such a poor product.
1	did order or get
1	I ordered a box of these AAA. When I received them none of the batteries worked in my flameless candles. I complained and Amazon sent me another box. None of those worked either So I bought some Duracell and they worked fine. I don't understand.
1	I tried recharging them right out of the box and it says they are bad! I'll by my rechargeables elsewhere
1	WORST BATTERIES EVER TRIED. VERY POOR battery life compared to major name brand alkaline
1	Worst batteries ever. After m Duracell's in my wireless alarm keypad died after over a year I thought I would try these Amazon batteries. These batteries DO NOT last a week before they die and I have to replace them. Spend the extra money and buy the Duracell's they will same you money in the long run.
1	Worst batteries ever. I use them in my remote and have to switch them every couple of weeks. Do not buy
1	These are cheap batteries. To make matters worse, Amazon sends old DEAD batteries mixed in with newer ones and ship them off to you. At least half of our last (and final) package had dead batteries and worked for maybe a day. Amazon wouldn't return our money for them. WASTE OF TIME.
1	Worst batteries I ever bought. Less than one hour after installing in remote, popup on tv said remote battery low. Left them in and got about four hours more use before it wouldn't turn on the receiver. The AA's I bought seem to be fine. Not sure why the AAA's didn't last. Put 4 new ones in the remote ... we'll see how these do. The second set of four were no better than the first. Low battery warning after a few hours use (surfing dish tv program guide). All showed just over 1.5 volts before installation. Checked again when first low battery warning came up. Down to .8 volts. Guess I got an old, bad batch. Nothing but Duracell from here on out. Would not recommend these batteries !
1	These batteries are the worst batteries I've ever purchased. I am in disbelief how quickly they died! I put them in 2 very small 4 tall portable night lights for my kids and both night lights became very dim overnight. The batteries had to be replaced after 2 nights for the night lights to even serve the purpose. I've since put these batteries in other things around the house and I am not impressed at all. I'll stick to buying batteries at Costco in the future.
1	Worst batteries ever. They have a short life in every item I used them in. One example (but similar with all devices): I have a battery operated clock that needs the batteries changed every 3 years. I need to change these every three months. Will never purchase these again.
1	horrible --- they barely last a week in my tv remote control
1	We are unable to connect WIFI on this product. We have tried to follow the instructions to no avail. It is a useless and expensive item sitting on our table.
1	Since I purchased returned couple of times now is dead I have to return it again. My first problem didn't paired.
1	This review can not be valid due to the device did not work for me. I would put it down. Just upgraded to the ECHO instead of the tap.
1	We were so excited to get the tap since it was a larger speaker than the dot and unlike the echo has a battery charger with it to make it portable. We already have an echo which works perfectly in our home. When listening to online radio on the tap it cut in and out constantly. We returned it and exchanged gor the dot.
1	hard to use, and does not support Guam. online instructions not clear
1	It's very tin sounding no bass sounds terrible bought a bose sound link and a amazon dot to hook up to it
1	the speaker voice quality is terrible compare the similar size my logitech UE BOOM.the price is too high, even I got on promotion with $79
1	I spent more time trying get it functioning than I did actually keeping this product. After a couple of days and never getting it to understand or follow my commands I returned it to BB. Also it kept trying to sell me products which I really didn?t appreciate.
1	Could not get it to work properly. I put the app on my phone and my computer. I reached out for help. They responded and it still didn't work. I finally got frustrated and returned it.
1	Is Amazon kidding me They want me to pay 19.99 for an item that is a critical part of the functioning of their product Outrageous. I will find another 5V charger.
1	I bought this thinking that I needed it but I didnt so it was a waste of money. I do so hate to waste money. the Kindle can hook to a regular cell phone charger and it comes with a cable that connects to the computer. For some reason I thought I just had to have this too when I bought my Kindle.
1	One star because this should've been included when I purchased my Kindles. Bought this second one because I have three paper whites and got tired of playing musical charge chairs. And if Amazon would concentrate on the loyal e-book readers rather than the useless fires and increase memory more than the little bit they did on the latest kindle (I own one) I would be a happy camper. We need the option of adding memory (Amazon invent a chip that only you sell and the only one a kindle can use and I'll purchase). Just give us that option. Fires don't work for just straight up reading (can't read in any kind of light because of the shiny screen). Having to purchase these power adapters separately ticks me off. I don't care about the cloud. I need books downloaded to my devices. We vacation often in our mountain house. Middle of nowhere (which I like). However, no wifi, no Internet access and no cell coverage so cloud is useless. I guess I read too much. Thousands of books. 5,000+ in my library at home before a stroke forced me to Kindle and now thousands more. Include adapters when purchasing devices and increase the storage capacity.
1	No reason. This product is described as 5W, 1 amp. The Kindle line is mainly 5V (4.8V, what's the difference) and around 1 amp, which is 5 Watts (5W). Why the mystery, guys Also, this deal is for US 110V market only I travel. I like that the previous simple FIRE charger was universal (i.e. 100V-240v). I like that the first Kindle charger was also universal. What are you people doing Or, is it that the copywriter in this case just doesn't understandFor those who don't understand the details of electricity, ANY device will tell you what it needs to feed. Voltage (V) is one thing to look at and your charger needs to say something within the range of 100 and 240 volts to meet your device need. As far as AMPS (A). If your device says it needs 1.8 A. It's perfectly fine to buy a charger that has a rating higher than that. Like 2 Amps. The device will only drink as much as it needs. A device that needs 1.8 A plugged into a 2 A charger just means the charger is taking a nap. Just avoid situations where your device needs more Amps than a charger can provide. It won't necessarily explode but it will extend charge times and is generally not recommended.
1	My Kindle Voyage is nearly 16 months old and worked perfectly. I kept receiving emails from Amazon about the software update. I switched off airplane mode, switched on wifi and shortly after the screen locked up. I have tried everything with customer support and they now tell me I will have to buy a new one. I am very annoyed. If I had left the software as it was my Kindle Voyage would still be working.
1	Very disappointed that my Kindle Voyage, purchased in April, failed after just two uses. Went to charge it tonight to take on a business trip and it won't charge, won't reset, etc. Since my Best Buy receipt says I only have 15 days to return it, tried calling Amazon support. Their only solution after over 30 minutes on the phone is to process a replacement which may be a new or may be a refurbished device-- unacceptable to replace a less than 2-month old device with a refurbished one... but, given the poor experience I've had with the Voyage, I'm not even comfortable with a 'new' replacement at this point. Amazon says they can't do anything about a refund because I purchased from Best Buy-- 15 days seems a little extreme in a situation like this with a defective product!Stuck with a $200 paperweight :-(
1	very good produ ct and service will defintely refer to a freind.
1	I am bring it back for an exchange. (a different make)
1	If ads dont bother you, then this may be a decent device. Purchased this for my kid and it was loaded down with so much spam, it kept loading it up making it slow and laggy. Plus the carrasoul loadout makes it hard to navigate for kids, not very kid friendly! Oh you can pay $15 to remove the ads but it wont remove them all. Buy the samsung, better everything!
1	The screen breaks way to easy it drop one time broke
1	Does not let me connect with my library. Very diapointed
1	I purchased 2 of these as Christmas gifts for our niece and nephew. We decided to unbox them and charge them up to be ready for Christmas day. After opening them, discovered they will not allow you to install any free apps or use them for much unless registered with an Amazon account and credit or gift card. I had absolutely no interest in giving a 4 and 7 year old access to one click shopping on my account so we returned these for android type kids tablets. There may be some way around this restriction, but I didn't find it.
1	I liked it at first except the browser is kind of clunky. Also you can. It use all android Apps. The worst thing though was mine just stopped working in the middle of watching a movie on a long plane flight. It was fully charged. I have tried recharging and turning on etc. it is just a blank screen and off. Kind of a cool paperweight. Hope I can get my money back. Or get a new one.
1	The reviews on this on Amazon seemed awesome. Little did I know that there is a chronic problem with the port on these tablets. We just bought this for Christmas and went to charge it for the first time. Nothing. We already loaded (and paid for) several apps, and now we're out that money. Also the charging cord that came with it appears it has been used before - there's some wear at the edge of it. So I went online to see if I could find this issue and there it is - everywhere. This is a problem that has been around for years, but Android - who is the ultimate culprit, has failed to fix it at the source. When you plug in the charger, there's no 'click' so you know it's in place. It just slides in and out. We've had Apple products for several years and never had an issue, then the first Droid product we purchase can't even be charged from the beginning. This will be going back to BestBuy - and will buy another iPad Mini - costs more, but is much much more reliable.
1	"I bought this to replace a 3-year old Kindle Fire 7"" HDX that I had just dropped on the floor. I sort of panicked, so after doing a couple of hours of research I picked this tablet. Just to be on the safe side I got 16 additional GB of memory. I installed a couple of games (none of them memory hogs) and a cookbook app, in addition to downloading a couple of books and dictionaries. I can honestly say this is the slowest tablet I've ever had. Just rotating the screen takes 7-10 seconds, and that's if there's only one app open. Opening a book or magazine can take half a minute, and God help you if you want to switch between a recipe and a magazine while you're cooking! Amazon is obviously more concerned about showing you constant special offers and apps than having satisfied customers. Since there are no other Fire tablets available for whatever reason (maybe they're being discontinued?) I'll be replacing it with either an iPad or a Galaxy tablet."
1	This thing lasted not even a month before it went dead. Going to try and take it back
1	It would not turn on or charge. We have to return it to Kindle.
1	I have never had so many issues with a kindle and I have purchased alot. It's slow. It shuts off whenever it wants, the sd card dosent read half the time. And when it does it seems to be downloading it. And it deleted apps off my other kids kindle or adds when I do ... very very stupid . It has cracked . And I have never dropped it . It isn't made well. I am going to return it and I will probably never buy another kindle . HORRIBLE
1	If adding more than one child to the account, the screen will not rotate properly for the second, third, or fourth child. Geek squad could not fix this problem, seems to be a manufacturer's issue. Also, there are too many adds. I returned this product.
1	I bought this on line as a gift. The unit does not stay on and I cannot get in touch with anyone to get the unit repaired
1	I didon't care for this tablet, downloading apps outside of Amazon was really confusing.
1	I bought this tablet for my 4 year old daughter. Too many advertisements. I would rather pay more and not have a single ad.
1	Would not take a charge, good thing i tried before wrapping it for Christmas.
1	not good, hate it , never buy it again, sucks. done
1	After buying this tablet for my grandchildren I was going through the initial setup procedure.That's where I was surprised to learn that after using this tablet for a year I would be charged fees to continue with the selected programs I used for a year.Time to take it back to the store. No hidden fees.
1	Nothing but problems after a month. Luckily I could take it back and get a credit for the kindle to put towards an ipad. It started off working fine then after a month it started losing internet connection randomly (while the old ipad had no problems). Then it stopped charging, never got past 1%. Tried different outlets, different android chargers. Nothing. Worthless
1	So slow returning mine for something different any suggestions
1	Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
1	Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
1	This is not a bad product. Amazon offers greats products but this tablet was missing features even for a basic tablet. The lack of google chrome compatibility made this tablet not right for me.
1	She uses it every day. She can't get enough of it.
1	horrible...just like the other 7 i have owned ONLY due to warranties
1	This is just a regular fire tablet that has protective case.
1	I baught 2 for my kids, and figured that with the cover the the one year of freetime which includes all the videos, apps and games then it makes sense. I baught this one as a gift for a kid overseas, and all the content is not playing, when I contacted amazon, they said it's not for overseas, although I asked in Best Buy before I buy it and they assured me it works everywhere. It's totally overpriced for a tablet that doesn't play anything! Best Buy should know and let customers know specially when u ask specifically!
1	Hard to connect to the internet. Extremely slow to load apps. Not many free apps like apple. The only thing I really like is the protection it offers.
1	The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!
1	Cumbersome, complicated and not kid friendly..... went with Apple, suggesting you do too.
1	Not able to play youtube that's what my daughter likes.
1	Dont have option for password ask you before buying apps once you authorized as allow its done.Not as many free good apps Like apple have it
1	I had to return this product as it was not compatible with things such as Facebook and Itunes... which is what I needed it for. Great if you are into books and streaming movies!
1	I had to return this product as it was not compatible with things such as Facebook and Itunes... which is what I needed it for. Great if you are into books and streaming movies!
1	"I went with this tablet based on many good customer reviews, but my experience was not a good one. From the start I was on the phone every day for at least an hour with Amazon tech support for one issue or another. Most of the techs were very polite, but not all knew the product very well. At one point I asked one of them about trying to save some RAM and they kept referring me to the storage, which told me they didn't even know the difference between RAM and regular storage. The internet browser was basic and it ran very slow at times, even when all my other wifi devices ran great. Then a day would pass and I'd be trying to type an email and the keyboard would just stop working...wtf??? Come to find out it's a ""known issue"" and ""they're working on it"". After two weeks of one thing after another I got fed up and just returned it. I wanted it to work, and gave it a good run, but just not quality stuff. To me it was like Walmart trying to build their own computer when they're obviously not a computer manufacturer, neither is Amazon. If I were you I'd look at a regular Android tablet from a reputable PC manufacturer, which is exactly what I did next. I got an ASUS tablet for only a few dollars more, and it's unbelievable. 1000% better in comparison to the Amazon Fire HD8. Save yourself the aggravation and go with ASUS or some other company that is specifically in the computer business full time. Sorry Amazon, not this time!"
1	I cannot believe i bought this junk. It's always in freezing mode and i have to reboot it multiple times within a given hour. None of the apps work properly. I have tried to update the op. system, but that didnt help.
1	I brought this tablet during the Black Friday sale fast forward to Christmas when my 6 year opens it he was happy I set it up for him two days later it crashed never came back on. Blank screen. He was disappointed and so was I .
1	This product wouldn't turn on nor charge and then store couldn't locate another one for me.
1	I have only had this Amazon Fire Hd8 since December 6, 2016 and it has already quit charging.
1	Didn't want to go to the sites amazon wanted me to.
1	This product is not user friendly much less kid friendly. Took them back for samsungs.
1	did not power up...at all. I am so happy that my grand-niece wasn't here and doesn't know about this yet, she would have been crying.
1	It takes forever to download apps. I'm returning it will be getting something else.
1	I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.
1	I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.
1	i Bought this around black friday for $60 hoping it would be awesome... it failed so hard i tried multiple different micro SD cards none of which were recognized and YES i formated them with every format i could think of ... Fat32, NTFS, Fat, Xfat... i even tried to have the tablet do it... didnt work... to make matters worse half the apps i wanted to use werent in the app store and i came to find out that it isnt linked to the normal google play store this tablet has its own app store which is missing many common apps... the main reason i bought this was to play clash of clans and i cant because it wasnt on the app store... i tried to also use aftermarket play stores to play COC but it didnt work... launched and played 1 time but didnt work or update after that... needless to say i returned it and bought a $250 samsung galaxy tab A 10.1 (2016 version) with S-pen and its WAYYYYY better... bottom line you get what you pay for... also hint the s-pen version has an extra 1 GB of ram over the non pen version... so you should get that if you can afford the extra $50...
1	The touch and loading the content is very bad, it doesn't respond quickly and it very slow
1	This Kindle is so overloaded with apps that I will never use. Despite what one of Best Buys' associates said, you cannot remove any of the Amazon apps. The apps take up too much of the memory. I have an I Pad and love but bought this as a backup for work. Unfortunately, it bogs down. I also don't like that Amazon wants access to too much info to set up email, so I won't use this for emails either. I will likely sell it on Craig's List for less than half of what I paid for it.
1	I bought the kindle fire 8 for my husband and I to use. Neither one of us have been able to figure out how to use it. Every time we open it advertisements pop up. And we just try buttons to remove it. We cannot get it to rotate for our puzzles. Just too complicated to use and to navigate around. I will be returning it. We have an iPad and it's much easier.
1	Aside from the fact that the saleman told me that the tablet would be able to get all the same apps that an Android tablet would be able to get from the playstore, which was hilariously wrong, this product would never connect to the internet correctly. I had to reset the internet every single time on the table for my son to use it, starting from day one and up. My son loved having the electric device and I didn't take it back for those reasons, but now 60 days out, the thing doesn't even charge anymore and I'm having to take it back in. At least I bought the warrenty, because this is literally a huge waste of money. I'd rather have spent $500 on a different tablet than this garbage.
1	I purchase this tablet for my son and it was very disappointing on the 3 exchanges I had to do. First the charger was not working, second the free time was not connecting and third exchange it was freezing. So many good reviews for this tablet but it did not work for me.
1	Freeze frequently... No way to trouble shoot or repair it...
1	Slow response. Wait 5 sec to turn a page. Frustrating. Best Buy says too bad so sad for me.
1	7 year old boy broke it in less than 2 months even with the bumper guard on. Won't power up. When it WAS working, very limited on storage. Ran out of space in 1 hour, so the wifi wouldn't work. Had go in and explain to him he couldn't download more than a hand full of apps at a time. Doesn't matter now since it won't even turn on or charge.
1	Worked great but after awhile I wouldn't unlock. After I'd enter my pin, the screen would go black. I took it to geek squad (luckily I bought the protection plan!) and told me they don't fix them they just replace them. So I got another one but that one did the exact same thing. Ended up returning that one too.
1	This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with
1	I found this devices battery very poor and also didn't like this device can't support screen share capabilities with my Amazon Fire TV or Smart TV's.
1	Too bad Amazon turned this tablet into a big advertising tool. Many apps dont work and the camera is not good.
1	I liked it at first except the browser is kind of clunky. Also you can. It use all android Apps. The worst thing though was mine just stopped working in the middle of watching a movie on a long plane flight. It was fully charged. I have tried recharging and turning on etc. it is just a blank screen and off. Kind of a cool paperweight. Hope I can get my money back. Or get a new one.
1	I bought a Kindle Fire 16GB for my 6 year old son in June. After 4 months the charging port came loose and the device will not charge. Best Buy is aware of the issue and will do nothing about it. Amazon will not warranty their product for more than 90 days and they said the charging ports often break if children are using them! They have no options to fix the device and only offer a small discount if I buy a new one. Amazon does not stand behind this product. They are aware of the defect and continue to sell these.
1	The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.
1	My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
1	I I thought the buy For my child bc the kids mode but it was very poor
1	I do not like this Tablet one bit. It has to be registered with Amazon for it to function and it failed every time. I finally had to resort to calling Amazon's customer service, also not an easy task, to get it registered. There seems to be glitch in the programming, because when it failed again, I had to follow the same steps all over again to get it registered. I would highly recommend skipping this tablet and getting one that is not tied to any one company's operations, programming, or software.
1	Too proprietary, the apps my daughter liked I could not install on it for her so basically it was worthless for me and I returned it.
1	Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
1	Very cheap and was not impressed at all never again
1	The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!
1	This is not like other android tablets in a bad way.
1	Dont have option for password ask you before buying apps once you authorized as allow its done.Not as many free good apps Like apple have it
1	I had to return this product as it was not compatible with things such as Facebook and Itunes... which is what I needed it for. Great if you are into books and streaming movies!
1	We purchased this tablet for our 5 y ear old since all the other kid-friendly tablets were limited it what they had on them. Something should be changed regarding the port for the charger. The little area with the small bar in it keeps bending to the point, 5 months later it broke off and of course the warranty has ended. I am over tablets. If you can buy it on black Friday for 25.00 bucks or less, it should be that price all year long. So now he has no tablet because I am not sending it out to have someone else's sent back to me..re-furbished. I am very disappointed.
1	Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.
1	I brought this tablet during the Black Friday sale fast forward to Christmas when my 6 year opens it he was happy I set it up for him two days later it crashed never came back on. Blank screen. He was disappointed and so was I .
1	Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.
1	I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire tablets because the sales guy said that they were great and ran really fast. I have very fast internet and this thing just barely chugs along. If you play a game, it constantly stalls and freezes. The sound quality when I play music is terrible. I was planning on buying one for each of my 9 nieces and nephews if they ran well but now I know that wouldn't work for them because they are horrible.
1	Worst product ever. Constantly screwing up and filled with ads you have to pay to remove. Best Buy refused to help when I wanted to return it
1	I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.
1	Returned it. it was a poor reader and clearly would not last..
1	Gave it to my granddaughter and she loves it..I want to buy one for myself....
1	I don't recommend buying this. After 1 month of buying this, it won't charge or turn on.
1	I bought this product 4 months back. It is very slow, i can't open any app in 15 seconds. OS is different than others so we can't get normal apps easily. Only one thing i can say is slow slow slow performance. I don't know how to replace it. Need some help from best buy people.I don't know whether i got defective piece or this is the actual performance
1	This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with
1	Over the past few years, I have purchased Kindle Fires for various family members. The workmanship for those Kindles in abysmal. Two weeks ago, my Kindle Fire HDX shorted itself out. I replaced it with Amazon Fire 10.1. This device does NOT hold a charge for more than three and a half hours. You read that correctly!. I have been using it on a daily basis, each time it needs to be charged, it does a repeat performance. There is absolutely NO way that I will ever purchase any device manufactured by Amazon, ever again. I tell it like it is, if you want terrible device performance, opt for the Amazon product. If you need a reliable device, look at other manufacturers for the options you need.
1	This is unacceptable spend the extra money for a tablet without obtrusive software and advertising
1	Its very cool great picture good sound. Was kind of disappointed that i couldnt make calls but overall great piece of hardwark
1	I don?t care that you can?t change the tablet to run like as you wish. It?s pre installed menu is not something you can change.
1	This is unacceptable spend the extra money for a tablet without obtrusive software and advertising
1	This is my 4th Kindle, and the worst so far. It randomly locks up and require a restart to do anything. I've probably had to do this a dozen times in the last week. It's going back if they'll take it.
1	I'm sure its a great product but there was something wrong with the one I ordered on target.com. My daughter opened it on Christmas morning and was so excited. We went to charge it and it wouldn't turn on. We tried holding the power button down for 40 seconds like the amazon website suggests, nothing, we left it charging for hours and still nothing. Very disappointed.
1	This tablet shut down and never turned back on after a week of purchasing it. I had to return it and they were out of stock for exchange. Annoying.
1	This tablet shut down and never turned back on after a week of purchasing it. I had to return it and they were out of stock for exchange. Annoying.
1	The ads that pop up constantly make us almost unusable for kids.
1	I thought this would be a great gift for a child until I got to the set up. The set up could not be completed unless a credit card number was entered. I refuse to put that type of information in the hands of a child so, I returned it.
1	It?s great that you can enhance capacity via a memory card, but the fact that a brand new product stops working within an hour of opening it reduces confidence significantly
1	Have owned IOS products as long as I can remember. Not on same level
1	Bought this for my young son, because of the warranty. You are required to have a credit card stored in the account, and to turn on parental controls it blocks other features too like Alexa. This is the most ridiculous setup ever.
1	I bought four fire tablets and each of them stopped charging immediately after the purchase. I wrote to Best Buy detailing the problem with the tablets and the fact I did not have insurance or the boxes to return the item. No response. Disappointed because I have made major and multiple purchases with this company. Won't make any more purchases from Best Buy.
1	Returned within a week, did not like it. I didn't care for the ads every time I turned the tablet on.
1	I don?t care that you can?t change the tablet to run like as you wish. It?s pre installed menu is not something you can change.
1	The Amazon Fire HD 8 tablet no longer was able to charge less than six months after being received as a Christmas present. I contaced Amazon, assuming that the was a one year warranty. Amazon tech support navigated me through a number of trouble shooting steps and concluded that the Usb port is defective. I was then told that this product only has a 90 day warranty and the best they could do in give me a 10% on my next Amazon purchase! Wow!
1	I have had this product less than 6 months. It shut down unexpectedly and would not restart. I contacted Amazon and the only help they could give was to hold the power button for 40 seconds and when that did not work I was told to buy a new one. Quality of a product is measured in warranty and support. This product comes with very little warranty.
1	It's 2017 no reason this tablet cannot produce clear 1080 or higher resolution. I get it it's cheap and for that it's good but it just feels cheap and omg so manny pop up adds.. Comeon amazon
1	Waste of money,You tube does not work on these tablets,so everything from there old tablet does not work on the new ones,so going back to the old ones and sending these back
1	I bought a Kindle Fire 16GB for my 6 year old son in June. After 4 months the charging port came loose and the device will not charge. Best Buy is aware of the issue and will do nothing about it. Amazon will not warranty their product for more than 90 days and they said the charging ports often break if children are using them! They have no options to fix the device and only offer a small discount if I buy a new one. Amazon does not stand behind this product. They are aware of the defect and continue to sell these.
1	The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.
1	My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
1	I I thought the buy For my child bc the kids mode but it was very poor
1	This is not like other android tablets in a bad way.
1	We purchased this tablet for our 5 y ear old since all the other kid-friendly tablets were limited it what they had on them. Something should be changed regarding the port for the charger. The little area with the small bar in it keeps bending to the point, 5 months later it broke off and of course the warranty has ended. I am over tablets. If you can buy it on black Friday for 25.00 bucks or less, it should be that price all year long. So now he has no tablet because I am not sending it out to have someone else's sent back to me..re-furbished. I am very disappointed.
1	Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.
1	Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.
1	Worst product ever. Constantly screwing up and filled with ads you have to pay to remove. Best Buy refused to help when I wanted to return it
1	Returned it. it was a poor reader and clearly would not last..
1	Gave it to my granddaughter and she loves it..I want to buy one for myself....
1	I bought this product 4 months back. It is very slow, i can't open any app in 15 seconds. OS is different than others so we can't get normal apps easily. Only one thing i can say is slow slow slow performance. I don't know how to replace it. Need some help from best buy people.I don't know whether i got defective piece or this is the actual performance
1	Too bad Amazon turned this tablet into a big advertising tool. Many apps dont work and the camera is not good.
1	I bought a Kindle Fire 16GB for my 6 year old son in June. After 4 months the charging port came loose and the device will not charge. Best Buy is aware of the issue and will do nothing about it. Amazon will not warranty their product for more than 90 days and they said the charging ports often break if children are using them! They have no options to fix the device and only offer a small discount if I buy a new one. Amazon does not stand behind this product. They are aware of the defect and continue to sell these.
1	The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.
1	My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
1	I I thought the buy For my child bc the kids mode but it was very poor
1	I do not like this Tablet one bit. It has to be registered with Amazon for it to function and it failed every time. I finally had to resort to calling Amazon's customer service, also not an easy task, to get it registered. There seems to be glitch in the programming, because when it failed again, I had to follow the same steps all over again to get it registered. I would highly recommend skipping this tablet and getting one that is not tied to any one company's operations, programming, or software.
1	Very cheap and was not impressed at all never again
1	This is not like other android tablets in a bad way.
1	We purchased this tablet for our 5 y ear old since all the other kid-friendly tablets were limited it what they had on them. Something should be changed regarding the port for the charger. The little area with the small bar in it keeps bending to the point, 5 months later it broke off and of course the warranty has ended. I am over tablets. If you can buy it on black Friday for 25.00 bucks or less, it should be that price all year long. So now he has no tablet because I am not sending it out to have someone else's sent back to me..re-furbished. I am very disappointed.
1	Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.
1	Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.
1	I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire tablets because the sales guy said that they were great and ran really fast. I have very fast internet and this thing just barely chugs along. If you play a game, it constantly stalls and freezes. The sound quality when I play music is terrible. I was planning on buying one for each of my 9 nieces and nephews if they ran well but now I know that wouldn't work for them because they are horrible.
1	Worst product ever. Constantly screwing up and filled with ads you have to pay to remove. Best Buy refused to help when I wanted to return it
1	Returned it. it was a poor reader and clearly would not last..
1	I don't recommend buying this. After 1 month of buying this, it won't charge or turn on.
1	I bought this product 4 months back. It is very slow, i can't open any app in 15 seconds. OS is different than others so we can't get normal apps easily. Only one thing i can say is slow slow slow performance. I don't know how to replace it. Need some help from best buy people.I don't know whether i got defective piece or this is the actual performance
1	This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with
1	The screen breaks way to easy it drop one time broke
1	Everything is locked out to Amazon, no compatibility with the Google Play Store and a lot of games the children play are on the Play Store. This product is bad because it is locked into only Amazon services.
1	I purchased 2 of these as Christmas gifts for our niece and nephew. We decided to unbox them and charge them up to be ready for Christmas day. After opening them, discovered they will not allow you to install any free apps or use them for much unless registered with an Amazon account and credit or gift card. I had absolutely no interest in giving a 4 and 7 year old access to one click shopping on my account so we returned these for android type kids tablets. There may be some way around this restriction, but I didn't find it.
1	The reviews on this on Amazon seemed awesome. Little did I know that there is a chronic problem with the port on these tablets. We just bought this for Christmas and went to charge it for the first time. Nothing. We already loaded (and paid for) several apps, and now we're out that money. Also the charging cord that came with it appears it has been used before - there's some wear at the edge of it. So I went online to see if I could find this issue and there it is - everywhere. This is a problem that has been around for years, but Android - who is the ultimate culprit, has failed to fix it at the source. When you plug in the charger, there's no 'click' so you know it's in place. It just slides in and out. We've had Apple products for several years and never had an issue, then the first Droid product we purchase can't even be charged from the beginning. This will be going back to BestBuy - and will buy another iPad Mini - costs more, but is much much more reliable.
1	It would not turn on or charge. We have to return it to Kindle.
1	I didon't care for this tablet, downloading apps outside of Amazon was really confusing.
1	Bought this for my daughter(3) and she can't even use it because it is NOT kid friendly. It is so incredibly slow!! It freezes often and does not seem to work without wifi like it is supposed to. Also was supposed to come with a year free of Amazon free time and we have been charged for it every month !( it requires you to put a card number in before initial use. ) Keep calling Amazon and the foreign people can't seem to figure out the problem. Don't buy!
1	So slow returning mine for something different any suggestions
1	This is just a regular fire tablet that has protective case.
1	I baught 2 for my kids, and figured that with the cover the the one year of freetime which includes all the videos, apps and games then it makes sense. I baught this one as a gift for a kid overseas, and all the content is not playing, when I contacted amazon, they said it's not for overseas, although I asked in Best Buy before I buy it and they assured me it works everywhere. It's totally overpriced for a tablet that doesn't play anything! Best Buy should know and let customers know specially when u ask specifically!
1	Hard to connect to the internet. Extremely slow to load apps. Not many free apps like apple. The only thing I really like is the protection it offers.
1	Cumbersome, complicated and not kid friendly..... went with Apple, suggesting you do too.
1	Not able to play youtube that's what my daughter likes.
1	This product wouldn't turn on nor charge and then store couldn't locate another one for me.
1	This product is not user friendly much less kid friendly. Took them back for samsungs.
1	did not power up...at all. I am so happy that my grand-niece wasn't here and doesn't know about this yet, she would have been crying.
1	It takes forever to download apps. I'm returning it will be getting something else.
1	The touch and loading the content is very bad, it doesn't respond quickly and it very slow
1	I purchase this tablet for my son and it was very disappointing on the 3 exchanges I had to do. First the charger was not working, second the free time was not connecting and third exchange it was freezing. So many good reviews for this tablet but it did not work for me.
1	7 year old boy broke it in less than 2 months even with the bumper guard on. Won't power up. When it WAS working, very limited on storage. Ran out of space in 1 hour, so the wifi wouldn't work. Had go in and explain to him he couldn't download more than a hand full of apps at a time. Doesn't matter now since it won't even turn on or charge.
1	Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK
1	The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!
1	I had to return this product as it was not compatible with things such as Facebook and Itunes... which is what I needed it for. Great if you are into books and streaming movies!
1	I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.
1	I purchased 2 of these as Christmas gifts for our niece and nephew. We decided to unbox them and charge them up to be ready for Christmas day. After opening them, discovered they will not allow you to install any free apps or use them for much unless registered with an Amazon account and credit or gift card. I had absolutely no interest in giving a 4 and 7 year old access to one click shopping on my account so we returned these for android type kids tablets. There may be some way around this restriction, but I didn't find it.
1	The reviews on this on Amazon seemed awesome. Little did I know that there is a chronic problem with the port on these tablets. We just bought this for Christmas and went to charge it for the first time. Nothing. We already loaded (and paid for) several apps, and now we're out that money. Also the charging cord that came with it appears it has been used before - there's some wear at the edge of it. So I went online to see if I could find this issue and there it is - everywhere. This is a problem that has been around for years, but Android - who is the ultimate culprit, has failed to fix it at the source. When you plug in the charger, there's no 'click' so you know it's in place. It just slides in and out. We've had Apple products for several years and never had an issue, then the first Droid product we purchase can't even be charged from the beginning. This will be going back to BestBuy - and will buy another iPad Mini - costs more, but is much much more reliable.
1	It would not turn on or charge. We have to return it to Kindle.
1	I didon't care for this tablet, downloading apps outside of Amazon was really confusing.
1	Am used to Kindle Fire which I love. No light to read by in the dark. Hard to navigate. This was a gift - would never purchase on my own.
1	After buying this tablet for my grandchildren I was going through the initial setup procedure.That's where I was surprised to learn that after using this tablet for a year I would be charged fees to continue with the selected programs I used for a year.Time to take it back to the store. No hidden fees.
1	So slow returning mine for something different any suggestions
1	This is just a regular fire tablet that has protective case.
1	I baught 2 for my kids, and figured that with the cover the the one year of freetime which includes all the videos, apps and games then it makes sense. I baught this one as a gift for a kid overseas, and all the content is not playing, when I contacted amazon, they said it's not for overseas, although I asked in Best Buy before I buy it and they assured me it works everywhere. It's totally overpriced for a tablet that doesn't play anything! Best Buy should know and let customers know specially when u ask specifically!
1	Hard to connect to the internet. Extremely slow to load apps. Not many free apps like apple. The only thing I really like is the protection it offers.
1	Not able to play youtube that's what my daughter likes.
1	I cannot believe i bought this junk. It's always in freezing mode and i have to reboot it multiple times within a given hour. None of the apps work properly. I have tried to update the op. system, but that didnt help.
1	This product wouldn't turn on nor charge and then store couldn't locate another one for me.
1	This product is not user friendly much less kid friendly. Took them back for samsungs.
1	It takes forever to download apps. I'm returning it will be getting something else.
1	The touch and loading the content is very bad, it doesn't respond quickly and it very slow
1	Certified garbage! Lesson learned about paying attention to reviews. Fire TV box and remote was packaged like new, even included new batteries. After plugging it in it would only show Amazon logo and 'unknown boot' on screen. Cycled power several times and even tried to reset using remote buttons, no dice. I read all the negative reviews before I purchased this, I chose to take the chance so I'm angry with myself, but very disappointed with Amazon for even suggesting this is refurbished, let alone certified, as if that means something.
1	Stay away from the certified refurbished Amazon Fire TV. I received two Certified Refurbished defective fire TVs. The first the screen looked half corrupted, see the pictures. The second Certified Refurbished Amazon fire tv I received would not boot up, it was stuck in an infinite loop where I would only see the amazon logo for 10 seconds then it would boot up again.If anything, Amazon needs to re-visit its refurbishment process and quality control of the refurbished products they let get in consumer hands.Update 11/28/16: I purchased a new Fire TV during the BF sale and I have had no issues so far :).
1	I was initially happy that my Kindle replacement charging cord arrived so promptly, it seemed to work fine. But after only one use, the outer covering of the cord started cracking falling off in bits. It now is almost completely covered by electrical tape, as the bits fall off w/ each every use. I will end up having to buy a new one after all...
1	Can someone explain to me why I can find hundreds and hundreds of people with this disintegrating isulation on charging cord problem, but not ONE post from Amazon with an official Company Statement about these defective, inferior, slave-labor built, imported, crap charging cablesAnyoneI'll be you dollars to donuts that these 100s of complains will bloom into 10s of thousands, as the existing, bad cables mature. (dry out, degrade, undergo radioactive decay, whatever their issue is). I'll bet I'll win!
1	I am bring it back for an exchange. (a different make)
1	If ads dont bother you, then this may be a decent device. Purchased this for my kid and it was loaded down with so much spam, it kept loading it up making it slow and laggy. Plus the carrasoul loadout makes it hard to navigate for kids, not very kid friendly! Oh you can pay $15 to remove the ads but it wont remove them all. Buy the samsung, better everything!
1	Does not let me connect with my library. Very diapointed
1	I liked it at first except the browser is kind of clunky. Also you can. It use all android Apps. The worst thing though was mine just stopped working in the middle of watching a movie on a long plane flight. It was fully charged. I have tried recharging and turning on etc. it is just a blank screen and off. Kind of a cool paperweight. Hope I can get my money back. Or get a new one.
1	This thing lasted not even a month before it went dead. Going to try and take it back
1	I bought this on line as a gift. The unit does not stay on and I cannot get in touch with anyone to get the unit repaired
1	I bought this tablet for my 4 year old daughter. Too many advertisements. I would rather pay more and not have a single ad.
1	not good, hate it , never buy it again, sucks. done
1	This is not a bad product. Amazon offers greats products but this tablet was missing features even for a basic tablet. The lack of google chrome compatibility made this tablet not right for me.
1	horrible...just like the other 7 i have owned ONLY due to warranties
1	"I went with this tablet based on many good customer reviews, but my experience was not a good one. From the start I was on the phone every day for at least an hour with Amazon tech support for one issue or another. Most of the techs were very polite, but not all knew the product very well. At one point I asked one of them about trying to save some RAM and they kept referring me to the storage, which told me they didn't even know the difference between RAM and regular storage. The internet browser was basic and it ran very slow at times, even when all my other wifi devices ran great. Then a day would pass and I'd be trying to type an email and the keyboard would just stop working...wtf??? Come to find out it's a ""known issue"" and ""they're working on it"". After two weeks of one thing after another I got fed up and just returned it. I wanted it to work, and gave it a good run, but just not quality stuff. To me it was like Walmart trying to build their own computer when they're obviously not a computer manufacturer, neither is Amazon. If I were you I'd look at a regular Android tablet from a reputable PC manufacturer, which is exactly what I did next. I got an ASUS tablet for only a few dollars more, and it's unbelievable. 1000% better in comparison to the Amazon Fire HD8. Save yourself the aggravation and go with ASUS or some other company that is specifically in the computer business full time. Sorry Amazon, not this time!"
1	Prior to using the device I decided to recharge it to 100% and was shocked to find out that it takes 6 hours. Unless you have a lot of time don't buy this device.
1	We bought this earlier on line from another vendor and it was never delivered. Best Buy was great.
1	I have only had this Amazon Fire Hd8 since December 6, 2016 and it has already quit charging.
1	Didn't want to go to the sites amazon wanted me to.
1	i Bought this around black friday for $60 hoping it would be awesome... it failed so hard i tried multiple different micro SD cards none of which were recognized and YES i formated them with every format i could think of ... Fat32, NTFS, Fat, Xfat... i even tried to have the tablet do it... didnt work... to make matters worse half the apps i wanted to use werent in the app store and i came to find out that it isnt linked to the normal google play store this tablet has its own app store which is missing many common apps... the main reason i bought this was to play clash of clans and i cant because it wasnt on the app store... i tried to also use aftermarket play stores to play COC but it didnt work... launched and played 1 time but didnt work or update after that... needless to say i returned it and bought a $250 samsung galaxy tab A 10.1 (2016 version) with S-pen and its WAYYYYY better... bottom line you get what you pay for... also hint the s-pen version has an extra 1 GB of ram over the non pen version... so you should get that if you can afford the extra $50...
1	This Kindle is so overloaded with apps that I will never use. Despite what one of Best Buys' associates said, you cannot remove any of the Amazon apps. The apps take up too much of the memory. I have an I Pad and love but bought this as a backup for work. Unfortunately, it bogs down. I also don't like that Amazon wants access to too much info to set up email, so I won't use this for emails either. I will likely sell it on Craig's List for less than half of what I paid for it.
1	I bought the kindle fire 8 for my husband and I to use. Neither one of us have been able to figure out how to use it. Every time we open it advertisements pop up. And we just try buttons to remove it. We cannot get it to rotate for our puzzles. Just too complicated to use and to navigate around. I will be returning it. We have an iPad and it's much easier.
1	Freeze frequently... No way to trouble shoot or repair it...
1	was cheap, can not run chrome stuff, returned to store.
1	Worked great but after awhile I wouldn't unlock. After I'd enter my pin, the screen would go black. I took it to geek squad (luckily I bought the protection plan!) and told me they don't fix them they just replace them. So I got another one but that one did the exact same thing. Ended up returning that one too.
2	In my opinion these did not last anywhere near as long as Duracel in things like LED candles (which is crazy) and trail cameras. Cameras were not exposed to cold temps more or less than other batteries. WE buy in bulk for the north house. Amazon Basics is great for things like sheets and beeding and towels. In my opinion the battery life, in the large package of aaa and aa size we purchased were lacking.
2	If it's possible to have gotten a dud batch I sure got it. We BLEW through all these batteries in less than a month. My kids toys aren't that super powered and even in remotes I was having to change batteries way too often. For example the magic touch counting toy, the store batteries lasted 3 years. Popped in some Amazon batteries, 1 month and the second child didn't play with it nearly as much as the first. For the price it was worth the try but I'm going back to the other brands.
2	I can only use these on those indoor flameless candles and even then, they dont last very long...a little disappointed...
2	TERRIBLE! Barely lasted three hours during a digital camera shoot where Duracell lasts multiple days.
2	Use these in a wireless BT mouse. Has about 30 less life as copper top brand. Good price, but most likely will not buy again.
2	We use battery operated candles with timers. The batteries normally have to be changed once a month. These cheap batteries lasted 2 weeks. I thought these batteries were a good deal, but I was wrong.
2	Maybe mine is a bad batch, had a serious leak on one of them, these batteries seem to last as long as duracells but duracells never leaked in my experience
2	Does not last as long as Duracell quantum. These were sent as a supplement
2	At least half of this batch had no charge, or at least so little that they died within an hour of being put in a walkie-talkie. Very disappointed
2	These were OK. I don't think I'll but them in the future. I prefer Energizers.
2	These batteries won't last long. An led flashlight will drain them in a hurry. I usually like Amazon products but this is one to avoid.
2	They for really fast
2	Some of the four packs (02-2027) are bad upon first use.
2	They last a day in an xbox controller, if you're lucky
2	Somewhat disappointed with these batteries. They die rather quickly. I'm not using them for things that use a lot of power either. Like the remote for my TV. I have to change them frequently. Expiration date of 2026, but they go fast, unless I got a bad batch. I would rate them down there with cheap Rav-o-vac or a grocery store brand.
2	Batteries seem to work fine but they are packaged in multiples of 4 and it's an annoyance to break open a new pack each time. What's the point in buying in bulk with so much packaging
2	Breaks down too fast and won't run my trail camera but around 6 hours.
2	These batteries did their job but did not last very long at all. At the time of writing this I used them about two months. Normally that would be good, but I only was using them in a set of LED string lights that I kept on at most an hour a day. In the past month I barely used them at all, because the batteries had started to die and alter the color of the lights. I had expected to get a lot longer use out of them, considering other brands I only need to change every six months at earliest.
2	I've had several of these 'fail' long before they should have. Several instances of having to replace them much sooner that competitors batteries.
2	I put these in a Pumpkin candle for Halloween and they lasted 4 days. I put them in a Flameless candle set of 5 and they lasted one week set on a timer to go on for 5 hours a night. These are really not economical. Best to pay the price for the good ones.
2	I have encountered several AmazonBasics batteries lately which were dead on arrival. Since they are cheap, I just throw them in the trash and try some more. However this is concerning. If this occurs much more I will stop using them and purchase more traditional, reliable brands. Simply beware when you purchase these, some bad ones may be mixed in the batch.
2	For some reason, they are not working very well with my wireless mouse. Mouse pointer mover very slowly when I use these batteries, but it works fine when I use different batteries
2	This set of batteries exploded being stored in my garage, right next to a set of duracell. Duracell is fine.
2	The ones that work work fine however I've just had to toss eight because they're dead. don't work. not happy
2	I use these for my son's Thomas and friends trains, and they didn't last very long. Maybe 2 days at the most. Won't be ordering these again.
2	Probably should have rated these one star, but I didn't because I like Amazon as a whole. These batteries are soooo bad though! They were comparable to the Kirkland ones at Costco in price so I decided to switch things up and try these out. Huge mistake. These last half the life of Kirkland's. Not kidding. Not worth it. These are cheap!!!!!!!!
2	Only 3 worked out of the entire pack.
2	They sure wore out quick! We normally go thru about a dozen AAA batteries in a year. We use them most for TV remotes and wireless mouses. But we replacing these every month. I was quite amazed at how quickly they were wearing out! I have a battery checker and once they hit yellow, they were done.Cheap batteries but I would not recommend nor will I buy again.
2	They're cheap but we went through these in less than half the time of the previous pack of the same, which was Duracell. I was hoping the brand wouldn't matter but it seems that in this case, it does.
2	Very nice looking in picture and from a distance but the clock itself is cheaply made....The actual clock mechanism stopped working twice and doesn't work at all now.
2	These batteries held up about as well as dollar store batteries. Very disappointed in quality.
2	While most, modern day batteries no longer contain mercury, the Amazon basics battery line unfortunately does. Which means they're bad for the environment, and not able to be disposed of other than in appropriate hazardous waste. I'll spend the extra few dollars and buy a name brand
2	I bought these for remotes in my home. I'm constantly having to change them and sometimes the brand new batteries don't work.
2	These batteries die out a lot faster than the Duracell batteries we normally purchase. Yes, they are cheaper, but unfortunately more batteries are ending up in the landfills because we are going through these too fast.
2	Holds basically a 30 minute steady usage charge and dies. We used these in microphones, and they died within the 30-40 minute range, fully charged.It also seems that the older they get, the longer it takes to charge and the faster they die out. Not very reliable, unfortunately.
2	Disappointed by the amount of time these batteries lasted.
2	Do not hold charge as well as major brands.
2	I love Amazon, but these aren't at the same level as the big brands. I use them in some monitoring devices in my home. Typically I would need to change these every 3 months, but these are lasting about 6-7 weeks at best. They're ok, but just don't have the life expectancy I need.
2	Disappointed with this product. Used them for led candles and had to wiggle them around to get them to work. At the same time I also purchase ACDelco Batteries because Amazon would only allow the purchase of one box. I'm glad I did because the ACDelco batteries worked great! I would not purchase AmazonBasics batteries again.
2	For some reason, these just haven't held a charge the way the Duracells I've used the past do. I've used these in those small-wired-LED lights you can use for decorations. Those lights take 3 AA batteries and while the old Duracells I've used lasted several months on a 4-hour on, 16 hour-off timer, these are lasting just a few weeks.
2	Batteries don't last that long I bought these for some of the little round lights that go in your closets or under your cabinets they didn't make it a week which was sad.
2	batteries last a fraction of the time that most of the other well known battery brands do
2	Does not last. Very short life span.
2	I was really excited to find a great deal on batteries. I would have to say if you just used these batteries for remote controls. And basic stuff then this would be the battery pick hands down. I could not believe how many batteries I went through for a child's toy. These batteries don't hold there ground against brand name. I burnt through 24 amazon batteries in one month on my son's hot wheel course. Just basic use maybe an hour a day at most. Brand name has lasted 2 months.
2	It doesn't work with my Amazon wireless mouse
2	I use it for the roku remote and it runs out so fast, holds for about 2-3 weeks (just like the chineese batteries),
2	Good price but batteries just don't last as long as name brands. My hope was to power Christmas decorations through the holidays and save a few bucks. Many of these batteries did not make it. In the future I will stick with proven brands.
2	After using two sets of these, I am going to agree with other reviewers and say that they don't last as long as name brand batteries.
2	Won't buy again, I replaced batteries in my smoke detectors with these less than two months ago, replacing again with Duracell. The last Duracell batteries lasted almost 3 years in the same detectors. Don't waste your money on these, spend a little more for a good product.
2	I use a lot of batteries for lighted decorations all year round. I tried these out during Halloween. They were the worst. I tested them against Sams Club batteries, Harbor Freight Tools batteries and duracell. The amazon always died first. They even leaked that battery acid out after a few hours of use. Just horrible. I removed these from my subscribe and save list. I won't buy again.
2	The original Amazon Basics in the solid silver wrapping were great. These seem to have about a half life of those. Wouldn't recommend for use.
2	they dont last long at all not worth buying
2	Not very long lasting batteries....
2	These batteries are HYPED! Duracell always wins. I bought them for electronic circuit for my experiments and I can clearly see how they fail against Duracell AAA batteries. I also wonder about the review someone has put that shows the performance plots. Under standard conditions doesn't matter, batteries need to perform the way consumers use them. To be fair, these batteries are better but don't show them as the best in the world, no way!
2	I gave one star because they were batteries and did not explode in my face which is a major plus. However, if you need batteries for anything you use on a daily basis outside a tv remote then do not buy. These batteries do not last as long as duracell or energizer by far, and i wish i was getting paid to say that. Spend the extra dollars and buy a better battery.
2	Good price but batteries don't last long compared to other brands
2	After less than 6mos I started seeing a lot of leakage.
2	Had to wait for more than a month for delivery. First few uses of product has not been good. In a head set had to replace batteries (3) with very small usage, evenings only, had to already replace batteries. The AAA pro cells we normally order usually last a week or better with daily use. I am not pleased with this product.
2	I used it in a computer key board. First pair lasted only half of the time of other brand like DURACELL.I will see if the second pair does any better.
2	Never again will I purchase this. The outer cardboard box is frustration-free, but the batteries are tightly shrink-wrapped in groups of four. You need to cut into the wrap to begin to separate the batteries, pull them apart, then cut a little slice into the wrap around each battery. Then figure out how to pull each battery out of its little, plastic strait-jacket.Even if these batteries function well, the hassle of unwrapping them (12 shrink-wrapped sets of four batteries) isn't worth any cost savings.
2	Feel like these loose their charge much faster than the brand I used to buy. Will not purchase in the future.
2	Don't last very long
2	Good value for the money. I use them in kids toys and remote controls where they work fine. For heavy discharge items like flashlights and tools they will not last very long compared to other premium brands. I don't trust them in smoke detectors either.
2	So, I purchased a pack of these a month ago (11-Dec-2015) and was using them as expected, when I hit a snag. At LEAST 3 batteries from this pack were marginal/undervoltage (1.5V) out of the box. I found this out because I had replaced a pair of batteries in one of my remote sensors for my wall mounted indoor weather station because the had sensor stopped working. I thought maybe I had inserted them wrong, but no, the +/- marks matched the batteries. So I tried several times to reset both the sensor and the station with no luck. At one point, I had all of the batteries out to force a reset and put them back. But now my weather station would not power up either.That was the clue I needed. I got my trusty multimeter (with battery tester) and checked out all 5 of the Amazon Basics AA cells. Like all NEW 1.5V batteries, most of them showed 1.6V which is typical. Two of them were at 1.48V, which was just low enough for them to be considered undervoltage. No new AA battery should arrive with 1.5V. This is the first and only time I have ever seen fresh batteries arrive in a not as new condition with caused problems with my electronics.I generally like all of the various Amazon Basics products (mice, HDMI cables, etc.), but this has caused me to have doubts about not only their AA batteries, but all of the house branded products. Buyer beware (Caveat Emptor) seems to be the bottom line.
2	Very short life in these... Bad batch
2	Great price - but you get what you pay for. In our Xfinity TV remote, these last 25 of the time the Duracell's lasted. Overall, they don't have lasting power like the top brands.
2	I was a little surprised how large a portion of these batteries measured as dead or low out of the box. I did not notice at first but a few batteries in some would last all of a day on low power items. I am currently sitting on 25 dead or extremely low.
2	Half the batteries didn't work!
2	I have to change my mouse batteries and keyboard batteries like every two weeks with these..... before it was every few months.... horror story... constantly get ... mouse not connected , keyboard not connected ......sometimes starts within a few days....... going to pay more for the name brands
2	I ordered these mainly to use in a set of small LED flashlights. I tried the batteries in three different flashlights, but they didn't work in any of them. I double checked polarity and they were correctly installed. I tried them in a different device didn't work in that either. Amazon sent me a second set free of charge. They still didn't work in any of the flashlights but did work in a remote control and a toy. (I tried a different brand of batteries in the flashlights and they worked fine.) So it was hit and miss with these AAA batteries--2 sets of them. I've used Amazon AA with no problems.
2	Unfortunately, some of the batteries seem to be duds. I have replaced dead batteries with these, only to still have a dead remote. Great price, but I now know why...
2	Went on sale 4 days later for 14.40 for 100 batteries. I paid 12.49 for 48 batteries. Hosed again.
2	I always put new batteries in my three thermostats at the beginning of the heating season in late Sept to make sure they work through the winter. Never had a problem with Energizer or Duracell going the whole year. These batteries from Amazon all had to be replaced in February, won't be using them again.
2	I am disappointed with the quality of these batteries. I used them to light some low voltage decoration lights on the ceiling of my bus. They only lasted 1 day. Replaced with Energizer batteries and I am in my 2 week and they are still going strong.
2	I purchased these to try because I needed so many for my Christmas village. Withing 24 hours some of the batteries died so I turned off all of them so I could at least have them on for Christmas. I am very disappointed in them, had to go out and purchase more of the copper top ones which last weeks and weeks to keep my village lit for the holidays. I will not purchase these again.
2	I bought these to use in the wireless mouse I bought at same time. I seem to have to change the batteries to often.
2	I have to admit I was not too happy with these and probably won't buy them again. The 'life' on them is extremely short and definitely leave a lot to be desired.
2	I normally buy the Maxwell brand but thought I'd give these a try. I used them in my led battery operated lights, they were dead in half the time of the Maxwells.
2	I originally wanted to buy Duracell brand batteries but I bought these instead (Aug. 2016) as they were cheaper. I just today had to remove a set of these from a remote thermometer and they had leaked even though the date printed on the batteries was Jan. 2025. My savings on these cheaper batteries was far less than the cost of my now damaged thermometer.
2	I put several of these in my mouse battery and had to replace them after only a few days. Will not be buying more.
2	I was hoping these batteries would last more than 4 hours, and since they didn't I don't think the price should be as listed
2	I would have gotten the same quality had I got batteries from the dollar store. I was very disappointed.
2	DID NOT LAST LONG
2	I probably wouldn't buy these again. Each set of 4 batteries is individually shrink wrapped and very difficult to get apart. I'm sure batteries are fine if you don't mind the packaging.
2	Dont last long. I thought because they had the AMAZOn name they would be good, but they are no better than other generic batteries.
2	These don't last like good batteries. But are a great price. If you have kids that leave toys on and run out batteries then these are good. I don't use them in the remote or anything I want to rely on for long term use.
2	I purchased a box of these. First replacement for my outdoor weather info transmitter didn't work so well. Within a couple of days the receiver wasn't receiving a signal from the transmitter, so I changed out the batteries once again. Within 96hrs the receiver once again showed low battery power coming from the transmitter and wouldn't display a temperature reading. This week I'll replace those again (3rd time in 6wks) and expect a low-battery warning just days after. Unsure if I should demand an exchange or full reimbursement. Maybe they do well in warm temps, but in the cold temps they cannot perform like a Duracell or Energizer.
2	I've kept a stock of these batteries for about a year (in a drawer in my living room) and used them in my air freshener with no problems. However, when I used them with my Pawbo toy (it's a remote cat toy), not only do they not last very long, but I just went to replace the batteries and saw that were leaking after only a day!
2	A day or two after these batteries arrived, I installed several of them in toys and our small keyboard (which also has A/C power). The next morning, my son called me into the living room, Mom! There's chocolate sauce all over the 'piano' and the table. It wasn't chocolate sauce. It was battery acid. As he said, good thing I didn't taste it!For what it's worth, the keyboard was plugged in, and it had not been turned on or played since the batteries were installed. The five new batteries were in place for about 18 hours before the leak was discovered.The green seal fell off of two of the five batteries as I removed them from the compartment. The acid left a 2 stain on my table.The other batteries that I installed that day still seem to be okay, although I've developed a paranoia about checking them! I have used Amazon batteries in the past with no problems, which is why I'm giving 2 stars, instead of 1. The attached photo shows the rings that fell off. (I wish I'd taken a photo of the puddle they left on the keyboard and table, but I was too focused on clean-up to stop and take a picture.)You'll also note that these batteries are darker in color than the product image that is currently shown. They came this way, and I'll use that difference to keep an eye on their performance/durability.
2	I purchased a box of 48 AA batteries and the first 2 that I tried to use were dead the other 2 in the blister 4 pack worked fine, but a 50 failure rate is unacceptable. I will update how the rest of the box works as I try to use them. I will purchase a name brand next time.
2	Might be okay. But, they seem cheap. They have warm light (orangeish in color). They have the feeling that they might only last a year or too, and not multiple Christmas seasons. We are doing a timer test and have one that does not want to follow the standard timer. Also, the window suction cup things are to small for these candles. They will ultimately work, but are going to be stretched to do so. Picture is of the loan gunmen candle (screw the built of n timer!!!).
2	Love Amazon, but these batteries lasted 3 weeks in my Roku controller, Family Dollar store brand lasted longer. I do have A LOT of them though. Well played planned obsolescence :l
2	This was the 2nd time that I have ordered Amazon batteries only to find they all had about a half charge.
2	While these batteries work, they don't last as long as expected. They lasted about 1/2 the time as a standard store bought battery (Energizer/Duracell/Rayovac). I will not buy these again. In contrast, the Amazon Basics AA Rechargeable is Awesome.
2	more than half of these batteries didn't even last but three months while in storage. what a disappointment!
2	Many batteries do not have full capacity. I read each with a meter before using. Often find one at .8 volt or below. I won't buy again.
2	Not worth buying, these are just a slight grade above cheap Chinese batteries. Your going to replace them x2 or x3 times as often as top of the line batteries. So take the price of top of the line batteries and divide it by 2 and then compare the price with these. Not bad for the price but not worth the hassle.
2	Bummed. These batteries do not last long! Good for things like a clicker or something that isn't used often but we used these for Xbox one controller. With maybe 2 hours usage a day I've had to switch them out once a week.
2	These batteries work for normal things. But when i tried to use them for a dog collar that is supposed to help with barking, they were too weak and had to be changed after three uses. Annoying.
2	These die out super quickly. In saying that, I'm not sure if the items they were in sucked the life out of the faster but they still died. Used nearly a whole pack for little LED closet lights in a couple of months - only on for a few minutes at s time.
2	These just don't last as long as the name brand product. Found that we replace these twice as often as a Duracell equivalent. Won't be buying them again.
2	They don't last as long as other batteries. The Rayovacs that I get from Lowes are way better.
2	A competing brand used to run my wireless trackball for two months, these last less than a week!
2	Some were nearly dead out of the box
2	These batteries seem to have enough power. My sons remote monster truck barely moves with new batteries installed from her byut work perfectly fine with new Duracells. However, for basic other stuff they do the job.
2	Shortest battery life ever... definitely don't try to save a few bucks here ...
2	It only took my little demons 3 days to figure out how to jimmie this thing open. It was really great while it lasted though.
2	Amazon seems to have changed the manufacturer of this battery. I liked it very much the last year, but the new one has a different look, has noticeably lower capacity, and leaks. Batteries usually leak after they die, but these leaked while they were still good... and apparently died because of the leak. All of my devices have battery monitored One day they were good with 50-90 power left, and they died suddenly the next day. The leaks were mostly minor but clearly noticeable from body discoloration.One thing that has not changed from before is the packaging, and it is still bad. They are shrink-wrapped 4 in a package and they are hard to open as there is no cut-out or pull-tab to break the wrap. It is difficult to break open by hand. Twisting the package causes undue stress to the batteries and that may be cause of the leak. I have had to use scissors or knife to cut open the package.
2	Do not last as long as other cut price batteries. In my Canon digital camera I cannot get off more than 3 shots before the 'low-battery' warning comes on. I am going back to Maxell, which did much better for me.I would hate to see what the capacity of the AmazonBasics EveryDay batteries are!!!
2	poor performer, does not last long at all.
2	These are OK but they don't hold up or last very long. We bought these during Christmas hoping they would be great esp since alkaline but they barely hold up to the wear and tear of everyday use in a TV remote, let alone a kids toy.
2	These batteries drain quickly. While you get a lot of them, the quality just isn't there. If you need reliable batteries, look elsewhere.
2	Despite what seems to be a great deal for a 48pack of AA batteries these aren't great. 2 stars only because of the deal as they're for light use. I use them only for my xbox controllers, I understand that the life is different with gaming (sucking up all the energy), but I've put a pair in before and about 2 weeks later had to change them. Not to mention, I have 2 controllers (one has a grip), so I switch between them often. This means they should last longer since I'm not just draining the battery life on one of them. Overall, not great for gaming or heavy use, otherwise they're nice backups. I'll have to compare these to say Duracell, but from past experience I don't remember having to change them so often.
2	i have bought the AA 48 packs twice now and they are terrible... They don't even last a month...
2	They do not last long. I literally added these to a flashlight that's typically never used. I used these batteries in that particular flashlight about 3 times for a total of maybe 3-4 minutes. I switched it on today, and the batteries are already almost depleted. I wouldn't purchase them again.
2	Been going through a pair a week in my Xbox One controller. I play about 4 hrs a day average so the performance is underwhelming.
2	I used these in a mini led flashlight, which I use to walk my dog every night. I use the flashlight about 20-30 minutes every night and the batteries only last maybe 3 weeks.
2	They do not last as long and I had hoped. Meaning they run down really fast. Would not buy again.
2	These are not comparable to Duracell. I have been running around changing batteries everywhere, remotes, clocks, battery-powered soap dispensers. All the dying batteries are the lame Amazon basics. Bought duracells at Costco. They probably last twice as long. I bought these to get free shipping on orders over 35. Don't do the same. It's not worth it. Very disappointing.
2	These are odd. Several times so far I have put them into some device and the circuit does not work so it seems dead. Tested the batteries with a tester and they read 1.6 volts, so they are fully charged. Put in energizers, duracells, that show 1.58 volts and the device works perfectly. Tried one of each brand and got mixed results. Good price but Ray o Vacs are about the same and no problem. I don't know what is wrong but for now, I don't like them.
2	Marginal performance at best. Used one in my Turbo razor, and it died much earlier than other brands. It also dies quickly, with a steep power drop-off.
2	I've used 10 so far, 4 in a wire less mouse and had a short life , comparing them with Maxwell batteries I used before.
2	Not happy with quality. Do not last very long in various devices.My guess is that milliamp hour ratings are very poor/low.I have used many of these batteries in a short time span compared to Duracells.
2	I thought that this was a great deal, but the batteries don't seem to last very long. I feel like I am constantly having to change the batteries in my remote. I would equate these to being a little bit better than dollar store batteries, but they are not of the highest quality.
2	Don't seem to last as long as Duracell.
2	We are very disappointed in the quality of Amazon's AA batteries. They have failed 3 or 4 times in various products we own. The most costlywas it's use in our small wall safe in our home. The 6 batteries failed after two months and we had to have a service open it at the tune of225.00. Another example was a radio and flashlights. We will have to throw the rest out.
2	Don't seem to last very long changing brands
2	I bought these batteries to put into my bluetooth wireless speaker so that I didn't have to always have it plugged into it's AC power source. After only an hour of using my speaker with these batteries, my speaker died! I'm sad and disappointed that the batteries only managed to give me an hour of listening through my speaker, and honestly I'm shocked too. I read a lot of great reviews for these batteries and unfortunately, for me it did not deliver the quality that I wanted and needed :(.
2	This pillow is made of memory foam but it is rock hard. It actually made my neck pain worse. The reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is that the fabric feels nice and seems well made. This may work for some people but not me.
2	You get what you pay for. These batteries are cheap and don't last as long as Duracels or Energizer. If I had to estimate I'd say they last around 50 as long as those mentioned.
2	I have used these batteries in several items from flashlights to toys. I have found them less than adaquate for the items they were used in. In my flashlights, I have found they last with average use about 3 weeks. Not very good. For controllers like TV remotes, they last less than a month. They may be cheper in the short run but they become much more expensive in the long run. I will not buy them again and suggest paying a bit more and getting the name brand batteries.
2	Batteries just don't have the strength or long run time. Read all the possitive and negative comments before I bought and they are true.These batteries are good to poor in performance. They start good and quickly drain down to poor. Under heavy load they drain very quickly, will come back with a rest but drain faster each time. Dont use in equipment that have a heavy demand. Clocks would be ok. Expect 1/2 the performance of the leading brands.
2	Buy these. They do not last at all.
2	Great price, however battery life is not comparable to other brands.
2	I compared these against the Costco Kirkland brand and was quite disappointed with the Amazon Basic AA batteries. I used these in a flashlight test and after two hours, the Costco brand still worked fine, but the Amazon Basics were close to dead. I'm very disappointed with this brand and won't buy it again. For short term use, it's fine, but they don't last over time.
2	Don't think they were as good as the ones I get at Dollar Tree. I will not buy again they were a waste of money
2	price is good... look good on paper.. some i have are bad.. after few times use .won't buy again unless quality goes up..
2	These batteries are very iffy. I have Mag-Lite's that require 3 AAA batteries and they have always drained the batteries equally, not with these batteries. I tried using my Mag-Lite this AM and it was dead. Did I leave it on and set it on it's end Nope. I checked the batteries and 2 of them were still good, but the 3rd wouldn't even register any voltage. This has happened 3 times with 2 different Mag-Lite XL200's and these batteries.Will not purchase again.
2	I thought I was getting a great deal, but I learned the hard way if you don' use them up quickly, they go dead in a hurry. Extremely limited shelf life so don't buy these in bulk if you don't plan to use them w/ in 6 mo.s. If your using them in medical equipment, I'm sorry to say I'm choosing another battery. I don't like bashing an Amazon product and there's always the chance I got a bad batch but in this instance, (medical equipment) you want power when you need, I had several groans from the bfrnd about his TV remotes eating up his batteries, I thought my wireless mice were eating them up as well, so I bought another mouse, but when I put 2 fresh packs in my ten's unit 4 ea. time they started out weak then didn't last 15 min ea.. set it's time to choose another brand of battery not the product your putting it in. I did test the one's I took out before putting the new one's in. I didn't think to test them before putting them in.....
2	The scale arrived earlier than expected, and came packaged nicely. No visible damage on the box, so I was excited to test it out. The scale came with batteries, which was very convenient. However, upon turning on the scale, I discovered that the entire lower line of the display failed to light up and change (I.E: an 8 looks like an A, 3 looks like a backwards F). Other than that, this scale would have been fantastic. One thing to note, the weighing platform is not silver itself, but rather appears to be a silver plastic.
2	Important Part missing - the power cordStained and 2 different colored remotesNot acceptable
2	Seemed to die very fast.I only purchased amazon batteries about 6 months ago and already replaced them in more than one device that should last quite a bit longer.Noticed the same for the AAA
2	They don't last very long.
2	These batteries do not have a long life.
2	They had such positive reviews, I suppose it's possible that I got a bad batch. I've bought the Maxcell brand quite a bit which is slightly cheaper than these and I 'd compare them to Rayovak, not quite Duracell, but good. These lasted less than half as long, crazy! I had high hopes as an Amazon fan. Sad.
2	they last about half as long as duracell batteries do. they are cheap but they are not worth it.
2	I was disappointed with these batteries. I thought they were going to be a higher quality and work as well as the name brand batteries. I bought these to use in my sons' leapster GS explorers. My sons do not play on them nonstop and they shut off on their own after being idle for a few minutes. These batteries don't even last 3 days. 8 hrs of use at the most! Because we can't afford to go through batteries so quickly, I change them once a week. It's really sad that they don't hold up longer. Time to go back to brand name as it will save money over these and use some rechargables. Do not buy if you plan on using these for something more than a remote or clock.
2	They are batteries and they do work... but not for long. I pretty much base battery quality by how long they last in my wireless mouse. Generally I have to replace my home mouse every 5-6 months. I purchased these Amazon Basics AA Performance Alkaline batteries 3-1/2 months ago. In that time I've replaced my home mouse battery *3* times!! (The 3rd being yet again today.) My daughter has also gone through 2 batteries in her mouse as well (though she spends most of her time on her laptop with the touchpad).The shipping was fast and you get several batteries for a low cost, but I think a more economical way to go is to spend a little extra on name brand dependable batteries that last 2-3 times as long.
2	These batteries don't last long at all.
2	They didn't last the Christmas season....not even half of it.
2	10 year storage life is a joke. I had some that I purchased only 8 months ago and when I went to use them, they already have zero juice left in them. I double checked with a battery tester and got zippo - zero. Not recommended.
2	So at first I was happy, but my computer mouse started flashing red (low battery) about a week of having the new battery. Not impressed with battery life, but it works short term.
2	These batteries seemed to last about half as long as (Wegmans) store-brand AA batteries. Not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing that it's so many in a package. Disappointing.
2	Small for size,, and already separating from waistband. Will not buy again.
2	not long lasting move on pay more get more
2	I usually buy the 5.00 24 battery special at Harbor Freight, but they were not on sale when I needed some, so I decided to get theseBoth of the batteries are supposed to be Alkaline, so you would think they would both last about the same length of time NO SOI use these in a Personal Pedi Callused Skin grinder, so they get a good workoutAMAZON's batteries just don't last as long.... and it's a NOTICEABLE differenceI'm going back to Harbor Freight's Alkaline's
2	I don't know if I just got a bad batch or not, but some of these batteries are partially discharged. I opened a pack of 4, put them in a device and it gave me a low battery indication. I swapped them out with 4 more from the same box and they worked.
2	Several of the (new) batteries do not work. Very frustrating to replace a battery in an appliance and gave it not work and not know whether the problem is the appliance or the battery. Plus some things require several batteries and so it is hard to figure out which battery is not functional...I've experienced this with a couple devices (one wireless mouse and one kids toy) and trying different batteries resolves it, so I'm pretty confident the problem is the batteries.
2	Just opened a brand new box of Amazon AAA batteries 100 count . Sorry Amazon, but I had to open several packages of 4 only to discover. That most of the brand new batteries contained in the box arrived DEAD. I put a meter on the batteries to check for voltage. Some read 1v DC some read 0v dc and some read 2. volts. The batteries I removed from my head set were weak but at least had 1 volt As you can see in the photo the freshness date states 12-2026. . I certainly expect to find more dead batteries in that box. I don't have the time to check each package of 4 right now. Not good Amazon. I am concerned, because I purchase your packages of 9 volts and packages of AA as well. will I be surprised and disappointed as well
2	Maybe I got a bad batch. However, with 48 batteries, you'd think if that were the case that some of them would work well, and for me they have not. The main way these are being used are in an Xbox remote. The Xbox is only used to run Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Video on our tv, so I am basically using the game remote as a TV remote. It is never used for playing video games. That being said, I am lucky if a set of 2 of these batteries lasts 10 days in this remote. That is a far cry from name brand batteries I have bought. I purchased these thinking they would be a great deal. However, going through them 3x as fast as other batteries makes them a worse value, not to mention it is annoying to have to change them out so often. I will use up the ones I already bought, then I will not be buying any more.
2	Ok, terrible life span.
2	The price is good but they 'battery life' is much lower than other alkaline batteries we use. I get approx half the life from these batteries - compared to Walmart RayoVacs
2	and then there's cheap. yeah cheap batteries alright but also cheap performance. these last half the time the C's house brand batteries, (in the same unit) for only just a little less money. disappointed as I was hoping Amazon might try to only put their name brand on half way decent stuff.there's a reason they send you a whole big box of 'em, ..... you'll go through 'em fast.
2	I bought these thinking, Great I can save some money!...... Well.... no you won't....I have to use batteries in my camera because I'm too cheap to go buy a new camera..so I bought all these batteries (2 big boxes) ....Usually 2 batteries last about 10 hours if I continuously use them, take a lot of pics.(like energizer)...... Seriously, these batteries last me probably 2 hours when using them a lot...... Not kidding.....I will not repurchase these.......
2	work but short life
2	These batteries are not very good. I bought them for the electric candles and after they were used 2 for 4 hours, the batteries were dead. My candles with everready are still burning after months.
2	These batteries do not last long.
2	These batteries don't last very long at all. Save your money. I don't recommend
2	These came with touch lights and they have been used for 7 days. The lights are already so dimmed and the batteries need replacing soon.
2	These have been the worse batteries. I've bought these before and didn't have a problem but this batch doesn't even last a month.
2	These leaked battery acid twice over a two week person in LED lights which don't pull a lot of power. I will go for a brand name next time...I can't have my students getting burns from leaky batteries.
2	they are cheep so i guess you get what you pay for. i use them in my kids toys and they don't last long.
2	These suck! I may as well bought dollar tree batteries! We put them in three wreaths for Christmas lights that turn on for 4 hrs at night then turn themselves off with a timer and they burned out in three days, that's 12 HRS! Don't recommend....
2	they do not last like other batteries. i use in candles with timers... i get maybe 2 weeks out of them... 50+ hours.... i use to get months out of my duracell....
2	I have found that a large percentage of these batteries only last about half as long as Duracell. I had assumed that since Amazon doesn't own a battery factory, that these are simply a major brand that is private labeled. So I assumed they would last just as long. My TV remote came with a Sony battery, it lasted a year. I replaced it with one of these and it only lasted 5 months.
2	The tips seem to be polished so much that they do not make good contact. I had a problem where these batteries wouldn't work at all, but the duracell ones that I took out would. After swapping back and forth a few times, I took them to my battery tester and found that I had to twist them around to get them to register. So I took my batteries to some sand paper to get the contact point to work.
2	I tried these thinking they were much less expensive than the brand name batteries and they would likely last a similar amount of time. I was wrong. I primarily use these in remote controls. While I don't have specific test results, the Duracell batteries would last well over a year in my Dish Remote. I purchased these in February and have already replaced the batteries twice. Perhaps I ended up with a bad batch, but I won't be trying these again.
2	The longevity of these batteries is nothing special. They do not compare to Duracell or Energizer alkalines. After reading the reviews, I was greatly disappointed. I used them, among others, for a wall clock and remote controller. Their longevity is no better than alkaline batteries marketed and sold by Walgreen's for example. Take this into consideration before you buy them.
2	They lasted really little.. (some of them) I use all batteries for same led lamps and 2 out of 4 Drained the Battery Quickly.
2	Tried this out. Loved the box. The package of individuals of 4 each is nice but not convenient at times. We tried these on a high drain police radio and a low drain Samsung personal radio.STICKING WITH MAXELL. They out perform these and its noticeable for about 3 more. Better value.
2	Got them today. Came in twelve 4-packs stacked neatly in a compact cardboard box.HOWEVER,Two of the batteries were leaking so I threw away an entire 4-pack since all 4 batteries were a little slimy...but two were definitely leaking from the bottom. Makes me nervous that I had to use these in my three 120/ea. trail cams.The only reason I gave this a 2 star rating is the price for 44 batteries (instead of 48) was still a pretty good deal.
2	2 of my candles stop working after 2 weeks!!
2	2 way radio drained batteries daily so too expensive
2	A Great Price but not a great battery. They just don't last as long as the brand names.
2	About half of the batteries won't recharge, so I threw them away
2	Adequate
2	Bad shelf life. No where near Duracell. For very light duty only.
2	Batteries didn't last a year. Last several batteries were dead.
2	Battery Life on these is short. Disappointing.
2	Battiers dont last very long
2	can only use my wireless xbox controller for a few hours with two of these
2	Charge doesnt last
2	Died too fast sorry rather stay with the batteries sold in stores
2	Dies fast
2	Do not last long.
2	Do not last very long at all.
2	Does not last compared to name brands
2	Don't suite my purpose.
2	Dont seem to last very long
2	Drain quick
2	Drains way too quickly
2	Found they didn't last as long as regular alkaline batteries....would not buy again
2	Go with a brand name.
2	Good price but didn't last to long
2	Half of the batteries were just dead
2	Half the batteries were dead or low charged out of the box.
2	I feel like they barely stayed charged.
2	I just dont trust em
2	I meant to purchase AA not triple
2	i use this batteries for my sound recorder and they exhaust way too quickly.
2	I was disappointed, they do not last but a few days.
2	I went through these like water - stick with Duracell or Energizer.
2	I'm feeling like these are running out of performance faster than other batteries I've purchased.
2	I'm not particularly happy four of them have already had to be replaced they don't last very long
2	It doesn't seem as though these have a lot of juice. They haven't lasted very long.
2	Lots of the batteries didn't work. Maybe just my experience.
2	More then half don't work
2	Nice cheap battery. Will not last as long as a regular brand battery. You can even feel the difference
2	Not fresh. Run down fast.
2	Not great for remote control car.
2	Only lasts half as long as the Rayovacs i usually purchase.......
2	Only slightly cheaper than name-brand and far less than half the capacity.
2	Poor longevity.
2	product ok
2	Seems like these don't last long at all
2	Several batteries don't work.
2	Some batteries didn't work
2	some battery is dead when I just use it, sometimes need change a lot of new battery
2	started leaking shortly after reciept
2	Stay away from this brand. Doesn't last long.
2	Strings are not as long as described.
2	The batteries came vacuum-sealed in packs of 4 in this really heavy/annoying plastic.
2	The batteries do not last nearly as long as other brands.
2	The package was delivered with only 40 batteries missing 8 batteries although it was perfectly closed and sealed
2	These batteries did not work in all items needing AAA batteries. I won't be ordering them again.
2	These batteries do not last very long at all.
2	These batteries don't seem to last as long as other brands.
2	These batteries maybe inexpensive but they don't last long. I have to replace them frequently.
2	These die a lot quicker than typical energizer and duracell batteries
2	These die really quick.
2	These don't seem to last as expected
2	These don't work very well
2	These have not lastedn very long just a couple of months in wall clocks.
2	They did last that long.
2	They do not last
2	They do not last very long.
2	they don't last
2	they don't last very long
2	They dont really last long
2	they need to be change to offen
2	They run out of power very quickly.
2	they seem to wear out really fast
2	They were cheap yes, and it shows. They don't last long at all. You get what you pay for...
2	THIS DIES SO EASILY
2	Very poor quality. Lasted on one week in motion sensor that is used infrequently.
2	Very short lifespan.
2	After several months of use the batteries have proven unreliable for production use in microphones. Duracell and Energizer are much more dependable have a reliable run-down pattern.However they work fine for in-home toys and games where you want cheap batteries on the shelf for instant replacement.
2	Very disappointed with these batteries. I was using them in a wall clock. The clock repeatedly did not work after a new battery was put in. I figured the clock was no good, since the batteries were new. Bought a new clock, same thing happened. Decided to test the batteries prior to installation. I found that of the twenty batteries I tested, only 2 tested good. So therefore, my first clock probably wasn't bad in the first place, the batteries are faulty. I still have 12 batteries left to test, but I not hopeful that these will be any better.
2	I have several Amazon basics products and always tell my friends how much I love them. after purchasing Amazon basics AA batteries and AAA size, I was very disappointed. every single battery lasts a day or two on a power toothbrush, an xbox wireless controller, a roku remote and other daily gadgets. I am extremely surprised, since I buy batterie brands like rite aid, acme, Walmart, etc.
2	These might be ok for remote controls and wall clocks that don't take much power. But don't expect to use them in you digital camera. The low battery warning comes on the instant I turned on my Canon 120IS point and shoot camera with afresh pair of these batteries. Within about 2 minutes the camera dies and won't restart without another fresh set of batteries.
2	Very short life. I was really expecting a decent battery, but unfortunately it wasn't.
2	Not a very good battery. They drain really fast. I use them in my Roku remote. I plug my headphones into the remote for wireless listening, so I'm not sure if that is a factor. But I've used several different batteries in the remote and none of them drained nearly as quick as these did. I'm talking a week and they are dead. I would not recommend them.
2	I use these for my wireless mouse on my laptop. Not heavy use at all. But I am replacing these batteries at least once a week. I have to carry extra batteries with me, and I've never done that before. I used to go MONTHS with name brand batteries, so it's a dramatic difference. I'll use these up but I won't buy them again.That being said, this is the worst Amazon Basics product that I have bought. Everything else has been outstanding, so I'm really surprised at how bad these are.I have the AAs as well, and those don't seem to have the same problem. Maybe these are just part of a bad batch
2	So these are cheap batteries, and you get what you pay for. However, when used in trail cameras during cold weather the performance is poor. Cheap Rayovac batteries from Menards (48AA for about 13.00) perform much better. Will not purchase again.
2	WTH!! Went through these extremely fast - it seems there were many DUDS filtered in with a few good batteries!! by the time I realized this, it was over thirty days, so live and learn.
2	not worth the money, they did not last very long, batteries would go dead, will not buy again
2	BATTERIES have a very SHORT LIFE... WILL NOT RECOMMEND nor BUY AGAIN..
2	These don't last long. Won't be buying anymore, wish they had been better!
2	They don't seem to be working very well - - last a day or so in the remote
2	Over half were dead or real close to.dead and ones that did work lose power really fast. Very disappointed in Amazon on these and their aaa.
2	I loved these batteries until 2 nights ago when one exploded in my camera flash. Not worth saving money on batteries when I now have to replace a 400 professional Nikon Flash. Battery acid leaked out of my flash door and all over my Nikon D600 camera and then on my hands before I realized what the loud,pop sound was.
2	I received AAA batteries and have reordered AA batteries as originally ordered.
2	My initial impression of this was very good. The material is nicer than the shiny stuff on my Hama CD binders and the netting trim gives a nice appearance compared to plain look of most budget CD binders.There are 50 pages with 8 disc pockets each (4 per side) giving a total of 400 capacity. The pages are hung from the spine in two groups of 25. By that I mean that 25 pages all have a single attachment point to the plastic spine.This is where the first problem with this binder lies. Because each group of 25 pages shares the same anchor point in the spine, the pages cannot sit flat once full of discs. They bend and arch, and apart from looking tatty this puts a lot of tension across the plastic film. With long-term usage I suspect this plastic film will will tear due to the tension. It also makes it awkward to browse the binder as the pages don't sit flat. It may even crack or bend your discs.I look to my Hama 120 binder to see how it *should* be done - it only has 30 pages and yet they were smart enough to hang them from the spine in 3 bundles of 10. This spreads out the pages and allows easy browsing of the binder without putting any of the pockets under tension.After just 2 weeks in storage I opened the binder and the corners of all the pages have become dog-eared by themselves. This is due to the poor design and poor fit of the binder pages when filled with discs. Again, it is not a problem I have seen with my other disc binders, my two-year-old Hama binders look as good as new.Overally this binder has a lot of storage at a good price. If that's all you want you will probably be happy with the product. But sloppy design prevents it from being anything more than a mediocre binder. I feel that whoever designed this did not bother to fill it with discs to see how it would cope.
2	These don't last as long as name brand of batteries like Duracell or energizer. They are cheaper but I'd rather pay a little bit more and have them last a lot longer.
2	These batteries are ok for the price. They don't last very long in a device compared to other brand name batteries. There is a difference! I wouldn't buy them again.
2	These were OK. I don't think I'll but them in the future. I prefer Energizers.
2	They for really fast
2	Batteries are very good, but packaging is horrendous, which is surprising because usually Amazon does a great job with hassle free packaging, but every four bats are packaged in tough plastic. Would have been better to just place the lot of bats in a simple box without the individual plastic wrap. Will not buy again with this packaging.
2	Somewhat disappointed with these batteries. They die rather quickly. I'm not using them for things that use a lot of power either. Like the remote for my TV. I have to change them frequently. Expiration date of 2026, but they go fast, unless I got a bad batch. I would rate them down there with cheap Rav-o-vac or a grocery store brand.
2	These are nicely packaged and initially I was impressed - I didn't have to go to the store to buy batteries, they were cheaper than alternatives, and the packaging was great. I opened the first set of 4 AAA batteries and sadly found out one was already dead. We also ordered AmazonBasics AA batteries and had the same problem. 1/4 were dead. I hope this isn't a pattern for the rest of the box.
2	they wear out to quickly. won't buy again. better off buying Duracell.
2	I have encountered several AmazonBasics batteries lately which were dead on arrival. Since they are cheap, I just throw them in the trash and try some more. However this is concerning. If this occurs much more I will stop using them and purchase more traditional, reliable brands. Simply beware when you purchase these, some bad ones may be mixed in the batch.
2	I don't know how these batteries got such great reviews. They don't last nearly as long as the brand name batteries. Don't buy these unless you want to change batteries in your kids' toys and remote controls all the time. I'm super loyal to Amazon...but not with this product.
2	These are low powered, don't last long even in tv remite you arelucky to get a week out of them. Energizer s last a year usually. Don't wasteyour money.
2	I've usually had very good experiences buying AmazonBasics branded items. I've found them to very comparable to the top brand names. These batteries are the exception. Quality wise, they are more comparable to Rayovac batteries than Duracell or Energizer.
2	Only 3 worked out of the entire pack.
2	They're cheap but we went through these in less than half the time of the previous pack of the same, which was Duracell. I was hoping the brand wouldn't matter but it seems that in this case, it does.
2	While most, modern day batteries no longer contain mercury, the Amazon basics battery line unfortunately does. Which means they're bad for the environment, and not able to be disposed of other than in appropriate hazardous waste. I'll spend the extra few dollars and buy a name brand
2	These batteries die quickly!
2	died quick
2	Disappointed by the amount of time these batteries lasted.
2	These things do not last very long either in the product they are powering or on the shelf. The ones we had on our shelf were not even good to use after 4 months of sitting.
2	These batteries do not last long at all as compared to Energizer. After 4 days of use they were no good anymore. The Energizer batteries have last me two weeks so far when using for the same thing. I will be using far more batteries so it really isn't a money saver. Disappointed!
2	I've bought a lot of AmazonBasics batteries, and nearly all of them have been more than half dead on arrival. My remote controls won't even work with the brand new batteries in place. I won't be buying these again.
2	It doesn't work with my Amazon wireless mouse
2	Won't buy again, I replaced batteries in my smoke detectors with these less than two months ago, replacing again with Duracell. The last Duracell batteries lasted almost 3 years in the same detectors. Don't waste your money on these, spend a little more for a good product.
2	The original Amazon Basics in the solid silver wrapping were great. These seem to have about a half life of those. Wouldn't recommend for use.
2	I've used theses batteries in several devices now, and they always run out of juice much faster than typical AA batteries.
2	Not very long lasting batteries....
2	Good price but batteries don't last long compared to other brands
2	These are so wasteful!! Rechargeable batteries are so much better!! The Amazon rechargeable ones are awesome!! And you can use and reuse and recharge and reuse them again and again and again and AGAIN!!
2	Don't last very long
2	they dont last as long as the higher end rechargeable do or the regular batts do. I would say about half the time.
2	I ordered these mainly to use in a set of small LED flashlights. I tried the batteries in three different flashlights, but they didn't work in any of them. I double checked polarity and they were correctly installed. I tried them in a different device didn't work in that either. Amazon sent me a second set free of charge. They still didn't work in any of the flashlights but did work in a remote control and a toy. (I tried a different brand of batteries in the flashlights and they worked fine.) So it was hit and miss with these AAA batteries--2 sets of them. I've used Amazon AA with no problems.
2	Unfortunately, some of the batteries seem to be duds. I have replaced dead batteries with these, only to still have a dead remote. Great price, but I now know why...
2	I purchased these to try because I needed so many for my Christmas village. Withing 24 hours some of the batteries died so I turned off all of them so I could at least have them on for Christmas. I am very disappointed in them, had to go out and purchase more of the copper top ones which last weeks and weeks to keep my village lit for the holidays. I will not purchase these again.
2	UPDATE June 2016Batteries do not last long at all. I am using mostly for wireless mouse. 1 battery last approx. 2-3 weeks. In my humble opinion, that is terrible. I retract my previous review.PREVIOUS REVIEW:Fantastic price, wonderful reliable product. I am a tried and true believer and purchaser.
2	DID NOT LAST LONG
2	I probably wouldn't buy these again. Each set of 4 batteries is individually shrink wrapped and very difficult to get apart. I'm sure batteries are fine if you don't mind the packaging.
2	Dont last long. I thought because they had the AMAZOn name they would be good, but they are no better than other generic batteries.
2	You know these are just ok. They done last as long as the Copper top batterys.
2	Don't seem to last as long as other batteries, you get what you pay for.
2	A day or two after these batteries arrived, I installed several of them in toys and our small keyboard (which also has A/C power). The next morning, my son called me into the living room, Mom! There's chocolate sauce all over the 'piano' and the table. It wasn't chocolate sauce. It was battery acid. As he said, good thing I didn't taste it!For what it's worth, the keyboard was plugged in, and it had not been turned on or played since the batteries were installed. The five new batteries were in place for about 18 hours before the leak was discovered.The green seal fell off of two of the five batteries as I removed them from the compartment. The acid left a 2 stain on my table.The other batteries that I installed that day still seem to be okay, although I've developed a paranoia about checking them! I have used Amazon batteries in the past with no problems, which is why I'm giving 2 stars, instead of 1. The attached photo shows the rings that fell off. (I wish I'd taken a photo of the puddle they left on the keyboard and table, but I was too focused on clean-up to stop and take a picture.)You'll also note that these batteries are darker in color than the product image that is currently shown. They came this way, and I'll use that difference to keep an eye on their performance/durability.
2	Been using Amazon AA and AAA batteries over the past 6 months in a variety of electronic items and have found that they do not last as long as higher quality, higher price batteries. I guess you get what you pay for!
2	I am extremely disappointed with these batteries, which stems not from longevity or power, but with fit. Almost immediately upon receiving them I installed them into three electric candles. No joy. I cleaned the contacts, still no joy. I tested the batteries, full charge. Just for grins, I installed into one candle three Ray-O-Vac brand batteries, and the candle lit with no problem. Removed the Ray-O-Vacs, installed the Amazons, and again, no joy. I repeated this a couple of times with the same results. And I tried this in the other two candles with identical results: All three candles lit with the Ray-O-Vacs, none with the Amazons. Knowing the issue was not with candles, I took a Ray-O-Vac and lined it up with an Amazon, and discovered something interesting: the batteries were just a wee bit different.The length of the positive terminals are different, just a tad longer on the Ray-O-Vac (see picture). The Ray-O-Vac terminal is taller (longer) while the Amazon terminal is squat-tier and therefore shorter. The difference in length is tiny, no question: but when you're putting batteries into a rather cheap device to start with, that tiny bit of length in this case seems to be the difference between one battery forming a sufficient connection and the other one not. I'll keep the Amazons to use in devices (mice, for example) that are likely more solidly built than these candles and have a greater connection tolerance (or a stronger spring) to hold the battery firmly in place. I am concluding that when replacing batteries in an older device (that may not force as firm a connection) or in a cheapo device that may not hold batteries tightly from the get-go, use a branded-name battery.I am a longtime and extremely satisfied user of Amazon Basic computer cables (among their first products in the Basics line), but was recently disappointed with another item I purchased outside of the computer connectors and cables line (that being dog house-training piddle pads, which have not proven as absorbent as similarly-priced products, and I've bought a lot of different brands). The batteries were my second foray into Basics product lines outside of the oh-so-dependable-cables arena, and now I'm 2 for 2 in the disappointed column. I never thought there was a difference in batteries, and now I know differently. The next time I see a Duracell commercial emphasizing reliability and dependability, I'll think back to this experience, as I will when selecting batteries in the future. I so wanted to like these Amazon batteries, too.
2	I bought them to go into a flashlight. They never lasted more that a few hours and got really dim. maybe good for things like remote controls
2	Lasted one month in my carbon monoxide detector. Maybe these are good for other applications, but disappointed with their performance.
2	Bummed. These batteries do not last long! Good for things like a clicker or something that isn't used often but we used these for Xbox one controller. With maybe 2 hours usage a day I've had to switch them out once a week.
2	They don't last as long as other batteries. The Rayovacs that I get from Lowes are way better.
2	These batteries do not last long. I put some in a portable can opener and was able to open about 10 cans.
2	Certainly not as good as Duracell. Some are very good........ others go bad in as little as two weeks. I put 3 in a plugged-in weather radio to serve as battery back up. Got a message that batteries needed replacing after only 2 weeks. A battery tester confirmed that they should be replaced. I guess I will go back to the Duracells.
2	Bought these for my digital camera based on a semi-professional review. Each set of 2 lasted less than an hour in my camera. Have used other brands of regular AA batteries and they have lasted much longer. If it's cameras you're buying them for, DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
2	ehh...they run out of charge very quickly....its honestly bad for the environment. they do seem to be a bargain but a brand name might come in a smaller quantity but will last longer than these..update 1: these batteries pack's have 50 working(short term) and 50 non-working batteries...I brought multiple battery packs and all have batteries that don't work.In my estimation, i think these batteries are not worth it.
2	Good Value but they dont last very long
2	These are not comparable to Duracell. I have been running around changing batteries everywhere, remotes, clocks, battery-powered soap dispensers. All the dying batteries are the lame Amazon basics. Bought duracells at Costco. They probably last twice as long. I bought these to get free shipping on orders over 35. Don't do the same. It's not worth it. Very disappointing.
2	I thought from the reviews that I had found a really good battery for less money than I usually paid for DuraCell but I was wrong. I put these in a my battery operated Halloween decorations and they lasted exactly 3 weeks on a 4 hour timer mode. The pumpkins where I used DuraCell are still glowing brightly. Guess it's back to the other brand for my battery operated Christmas decorations.
2	These batteries don't seem to last quite as long as regular brand name.
2	I've used 10 so far, 4 in a wire less mouse and had a short life , comparing them with Maxwell batteries I used before.
2	Not happy with quality. Do not last very long in various devices.My guess is that milliamp hour ratings are very poor/low.I have used many of these batteries in a short time span compared to Duracells.
2	About the same as Ray O Vac, not very good.
2	These batteries were horrible. They died with a couple of days use. I figured since they were Amazon brand they would be good but I was mistaken. Sorry I would not recommend these to anybody.
2	They simply do not last very long. Not worth the money.
2	This pillow is made of memory foam but it is rock hard. It actually made my neck pain worse. The reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is that the fabric feels nice and seems well made. This may work for some people but not me.
2	Poor life. Buy a known brand.
2	price is good... look good on paper.. some i have are bad.. after few times use .won't buy again unless quality goes up..
2	The scale arrived earlier than expected, and came packaged nicely. No visible damage on the box, so I was excited to test it out. The scale came with batteries, which was very convenient. However, upon turning on the scale, I discovered that the entire lower line of the display failed to light up and change (I.E: an 8 looks like an A, 3 looks like a backwards F). Other than that, this scale would have been fantastic. One thing to note, the weighing platform is not silver itself, but rather appears to be a silver plastic.
2	These batteries do not have a long life.
2	So at first I was happy, but my computer mouse started flashing red (low battery) about a week of having the new battery. Not impressed with battery life, but it works short term.
2	not long lasting move on pay more get more
2	Some batteries worked okay. I just had a problem where a new battery worked for a week and then there was no charge. Not worth the price.
2	For the price and quantity I was sure this would be a great buy. Sadly, not all of the batteries worked. I first thought the camcorder we purchased was defective but when I swapped out the fresh, new batteries for a second round of fresh, new batteries from the same package the device magically came to life. Boo to you Amazon for selling batteries that don't actually work.
2	These do not hold charge for long.
2	These do not work good in cameras. I use a small point and shoot Cannon Camera for work. With these batteries I seem to be changing them almost every time I go out. Other name brand batteries seem to last 3-4 time longer.
2	Maybe I got a bad batch. However, with 48 batteries, you'd think if that were the case that some of them would work well, and for me they have not. The main way these are being used are in an Xbox remote. The Xbox is only used to run Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Video on our tv, so I am basically using the game remote as a TV remote. It is never used for playing video games. That being said, I am lucky if a set of 2 of these batteries lasts 10 days in this remote. That is a far cry from name brand batteries I have bought. I purchased these thinking they would be a great deal. However, going through them 3x as fast as other batteries makes them a worse value, not to mention it is annoying to have to change them out so often. I will use up the ones I already bought, then I will not be buying any more.
2	I use these for reading lights (the kind you clip on a book) which I use for coloring. The light gets dimmer after a few hours use the batteries I get from dollar tree last the same if not better. Duracell and energizer, however, last at least 20 hours before the light gets dim.
2	Would not buy these again. I reluctantly gave it a 2nd star because the price was good, but the batteries are pretty much 1 star. These get pretty good reviews so I was excited about them. Then the kids kept coming back WAY TOO FAST asking for batteries for their Wii remote. It didn't make sense to me until I tossed some in my blood pressure monitor. That thing runs for many months or years on a set of batteries, but not these! Only weeks with these. I don't have any kind of meter or anything like that to check them, but the proof is in the usage.......it's awful. Buy something else with a brand name.
2	I bought these thinking, Great I can save some money!...... Well.... no you won't....I have to use batteries in my camera because I'm too cheap to go buy a new camera..so I bought all these batteries (2 big boxes) ....Usually 2 batteries last about 10 hours if I continuously use them, take a lot of pics.(like energizer)...... Seriously, these batteries last me probably 2 hours when using them a lot...... Not kidding.....I will not repurchase these.......
2	These leaked battery acid twice over a two week person in LED lights which don't pull a lot of power. I will go for a brand name next time...I can't have my students getting burns from leaky batteries.
2	they are cheep so i guess you get what you pay for. i use them in my kids toys and they don't last long.
2	I have found that a large percentage of these batteries only last about half as long as Duracell. I had assumed that since Amazon doesn't own a battery factory, that these are simply a major brand that is private labeled. So I assumed they would last just as long. My TV remote came with a Sony battery, it lasted a year. I replaced it with one of these and it only lasted 5 months.
2	I am all about Amazon Basics but I have ordered several of these for our baby toys and they don't compare at all to the Duracell ProCell that I normally order. Would love to go for a great generic brand but this just isn't it. I've been through several of these and they are consistently much faster to run out than the ProCells.
2	This does not last for more than two months on my LG Magic remote.A basic remote truck lasts only for four days.
2	Tried them in my amazon firestick remote and they failed to make the remote work. However, no batteries have made it work. Seems the Amazon firestick remote is the problem. In any event I am stuck with 8 batteries that I do not need.
2	2 of my candles stop working after 2 weeks!!
2	About half of the batteries won't recharge, so I threw them away
2	Adequate
2	Affordable
2	Bad shelf life. No where near Duracell. For very light duty only.
2	Batteries did not last very long!
2	Batteries do not last used all 48 after thanksgiving ned replacing to replace.
2	Battiers dont last very long
2	Buy for TV remotes. Stick with Duracell for anything else
2	Charge doesnt last
2	Do not last long.
2	Doesn't last long.
2	Don't last nearly as long as major brands.
2	Drain quick
2	Drains out quickly like cheap dollar tree stuff
2	Go with a brand name.
2	I'm feeling like these are running out of performance faster than other batteries I've purchased.
2	More then half don't work
2	not a fan, seem to run out quick
2	Not great for remote control car.
2	Not great for use in video game controllers. They drain really fast.
2	One in every three of these has leaked battery acid in a matter of days l.
2	Only lasts half as long as the Rayovacs i usually purchase.......
2	Only slightly cheaper than name-brand and far less than half the capacity.
2	The batteries go dead very quickly
2	These die a lot quicker than typical energizer and duracell batteries
2	These die really quick.
2	They didn't last as long as say Duracell..in my opinion.
2	They dont really last long
2	they need to be change to offen
2	they seem to wear out really fast
2	They were cheap yes, and it shows. They don't last long at all. You get what you pay for...
2	Wore out quickly
2	These batteries seemed to die very quickly. We used them for xbox one and wii controllers and while I wasn't the only person to use them, nor was I always around when they were being used to gauge the amount of their use, I seemed to have to replace batteries weekly.
2	Very disappointed with these batteries. I was using them in a wall clock. The clock repeatedly did not work after a new battery was put in. I figured the clock was no good, since the batteries were new. Bought a new clock, same thing happened. Decided to test the batteries prior to installation. I found that of the twenty batteries I tested, only 2 tested good. So therefore, my first clock probably wasn't bad in the first place, the batteries are faulty. I still have 12 batteries left to test, but I not hopeful that these will be any better.
2	These might be ok for remote controls and wall clocks that don't take much power. But don't expect to use them in you digital camera. The low battery warning comes on the instant I turned on my Canon 120IS point and shoot camera with afresh pair of these batteries. Within about 2 minutes the camera dies and won't restart without another fresh set of batteries.
2	I have no issue with the actual batteries. They work fine. My problem is with the extremely wasteful packaging. The 20-pack comes in an oversized cardboard box with two slots for 10 batteries each. They could just as easily package them in a small thin cardboard box.
2	Not a very good battery. They drain really fast. I use them in my Roku remote. I plug my headphones into the remote for wireless listening, so I'm not sure if that is a factor. But I've used several different batteries in the remote and none of them drained nearly as quick as these did. I'm talking a week and they are dead. I would not recommend them.
2	So these are cheap batteries, and you get what you pay for. However, when used in trail cameras during cold weather the performance is poor. Cheap Rayovac batteries from Menards (48AA for about 13.00) perform much better. Will not purchase again.
2	BATTERIES have a very SHORT LIFE... WILL NOT RECOMMEND nor BUY AGAIN..
2	Not a high performance battery, it's good for timer lights but not for regular usage, will not order these again...
2	They don't seem to be working very well - - last a day or so in the remote
2	Over half were dead or real close to.dead and ones that did work lose power really fast. Very disappointed in Amazon on these and their aaa.
2	The two guard stops at the bottom are WAY TOO HIGH. They dig into my wrists are are painful after only 5 minutes.Everything else about the stand is excellent for a 13 laptop. It'll only work if you use an extended keyboard.Impossible to type directly on the laptop b/c of poor design. The guards just need to be brought down and 1/2 their size and this would be perfect.
2	arrived on time well packed disappointed with quality does the job it was only for keeping dust off second laptop,a very tight fit though
2	The only problem that I had is that it should have been included with the Kindle Paperwhite. There is no way to charge the Paperwhite unless you buy the charger. The charging port on the Paperwhite is so small that nothing that I already have will work. Kindle does not even provide a USB cable so that you can charge from your computer. The outlet plug is cheep plastic (hollow) and will probably break, no warranty.
2	When I got my Kindle Fire, I got a protective cover for it and figured I'd be ok, because I don't travel much at all (am bedridden/disabled from car accidents). After a while, I couldn't get the mini-USB cord to stay in the plug on the Kindle. After describing the problem to Amazon, they sent me a new cord (I got the newer one with an AC plug and had to pay for it). Unfortunately this did not solve the problem, and I had to mail them my Kindle, and they shipped me a new one, configured mostly the way I had everything before I sent it, which was very convenient. Using my new cable (purchased through the Amazon Kindle store), I had no problems, at first.With only very light use, primarily for reading books for short intervals, the problem I had before with the mini USB plug on the Kindle not fitting tightly into its socket. After changing up AC to USB, as well as trying both USBs on my computer, I was unable to get the Kindle to start because it had less than 15 charge on the battery but I had no way to charge it. The only way to resolve the issue would be to go through the procedure described above I read a number of the positive reviews (which are usually posted first), and nothing was mentioned about this problem--there were so many reviews I didn't have the time to go through them all. I'm in the middle of a book, and use the Kindle to play Scrabble with a friend, and we're in the middle of a game...So I haven't decided what to do yet... It's after 5 a.m. Sunday morning so I can't call the Kindle Store for advice.I had been considering upgrading to one of the new Kindle products, but after having this recurring problem, I am leery of spending that kind of money, only to possibly have the same issue.Read more
2	I really liked the idea of having a device I could talk to out of nowhere that would answer (although our cells phones can do similarly, but you have to turn them on and press buttons, etc.). It is also gratifying to be able to tell a device to play music and it does. I was quite disappointed in the ability of Alexa to answer any serious questions. Jeff needs to pay to send his programmers back to search school. So many times Alexa says a phrase similar to I don't understand the question So basically I paid for a radio. I paid extra for the larger one, but the output is still no different than a clock radio. Come on Amazon!!!
2	I really liked the idea of having a device I could talk to out of nowhere that would answer (although our cells phones can do similarly, but you have to turn them on and press buttons, etc.). It is also gratifying to be able to tell a device to play music and it does.I was quite disappointed in the ability of Alexa to answer any serious questions. Jeff needs to pay to send his programmers back to search school. So many times Alexa says a phrase similar to I don't understand the questionSo basically I paid for a radio. I paid extra for the larger one, but the output is still no different than a clock radio.Come on Amazon!!!
2	"This is fun but would not buy again. Not very informative. Keeps say ""I do not understand your question. """
2	I habe the echo and I bought this one fort my son's room but it's not as user friendly. I wish I would've just bought the other one.
2	I was not overly impressed with this system. I didn't realize you have to buy Amazon prime in order to use the functions. It didn't connect easily to my phone. It wouldn't just stream music saved on my iPhone. I had to download a music app and then load my music into the app. It wouldn't work. Way too much work and added expenses in order to use. Wasn't happy with that so I returned it and purchased a jbl portable Bluetooth speaker.
2	"I should have done some research before buying the Tap. I would have rather had the upgraded version that is voice activated. Also, I thought it would be more like Siri where you can ask anything. Alexa's answer to most questions is, ""I don't understand the question."" The Bluetooth speaker works fine."
2	I'm thinking this must of been a fluke, it never worked. Had to return item but received full refund
2	The tap is a great concept, I love my echo so a portable one was that much better. However the sound is pretty terrible, no bass and can be scratchy.. It was a good concept just poor execution.
2	Love the Dot, Hate the Tap Portable! This device will not hold a charge for even one day. The dots are amazing though.
2	Just really thought it would have been more useful without having to have to make additional purchases for music I like.
2	Like DOS, you need to memorize your command and speak it out, otherwise it may not understand your command. Google Assistant is smarter. Also you cant use Spotify free account, to work around you must add a lot of free music to Amazon music into your own amazon music account before you can hear any music. Google home is more convenient this case, as you can start listening to any music channel by your free account from Spotify. If you have paid account for Spotify then not much different here. But to do searching you may be disappointed with this Tap, Google Home is just much smarter. The sound of this Tap is very good indeed, but I return it because it cant do music alarm, also it cant use Spotify for free, also its search is not smart enough, so I switched to Google Home.
2	For the price, you should be able to use as a speaker when talking on the phone. I had to use my daughter's Beats Pill for this function, therefore it's not worth all the hype.
2	just okay! Product was for my girlfriend. Doesn't appear she uses it much except to steam music. Most of the questions I ask it I get nothing. I like Siri better.
2	While it seemed to work fine, the Tap does not have the open mic feature. While that can be best for some, I bought it as a gift and they would prefer one that listens. The Tap makes you press the mic button every time you wish to communicate with Alexa, which seems to defeat the purpose.
2	I accidentally cracked my screen on the first day when the Voyage was too close to my rocking chair and neither Best Buy nor Amazon would do anything to help. Well, Amazon offered $15 off purchasing the Paperwhite and that wasn't something I wanted at all. Now I'm stuck with a $199 broken Voyage. Not a happy customer. I realize it was my fault but thought they should do something more to minimize the loss and keep my business.
2	i cant at night it has no back light from one to ten its a 7
2	The Voyage, when it worked, was great - the page turns make the reading experience seamless and the ink is crisp, making it a real upgrade from the Paperwhite. That said, it started to freeze up quickly after I got it. Hopefully this is a software issue that will be resolved soon (and the price of early adoption, sometimes), because overall, I couldn't be more pleased with the (working) Voyage.
2	If you need a basic tablet then the fire works. It falls apart when compared to the iPad mini from a usability, functionality and available apps standpoint.
2	Tablet had trouble from the begging it kept restarting and rebooting I had to return it.
2	The charging plugs on these kindle damage way to easy. I am very disappointed as this is not the first time this has happened to one of my kindles.
2	I got a magenta color because I loved the beautiful purple-ish color shown on the picture. Instead I got a really bright pink-ish color which looks nothing like the color shown here. I went to the store hoping to replace it with a different color but was told that since I bought it on sale, I had to pay the $30 dollar price difference if I wanted to exchange. Unbelievable. The product is good but I never liked the Best buy customer service.
2	Downloaded movies for my son to watch and the audio is terrible, you could barely hear it so I returned it
2	Bought it in order to watch NBC but the NBC app isn't compatible, so now I have a paperweight.
2	"I bought this tablet as a replacement for my wife's Fire TV HDX 8.9 as her battery life is starting to decrease as it is getting older. Unfortunately, she was not happy with it as the tablet is slightly smaller screen wise (the next step is 10"" which is way too big, and has 4 less hours of battery life) and I was disappointed despite it being a newer tablet it was not able to decode HEVC, like the Fire TV 2015 boxes we have connected to our televisions. This unfortunately is a show stopper, as we can't view the movie library we have on this tablet. We will wait until a newer version comes out that is improved."
2	I have always gone to buy a kindle because I like the books and th games available. But I found them very unpredictable and unreliable. The color burns futon screen, then the screens starts jumping. As a result I have purchased 8 over the years. Not sure if Want to go through that for the 9th time!
2	So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all
2	"I was initially excited to get the Kindle. I am extremely disappointed with all the ads. Even more disappointed to find out that I could pay Amazon more money to remove the ads. It's frustrating that Best Buy and more specifically Amazon, don't let the consumer know on the box or in store advertising that what you're buying is a mini advertising billboard. Why couldn't there be an upfront statement on the box or in the store stating that the ""low price"" is subsidized by all the ads on the device? Would this have changed my purchase? Absolutely!!!! I would have spent a couple bucks more and probably got a Samsung tablet."
2	If you are looking for an inexpensive tablet just for basic web surfing/shopping/etc., I don't know that you can get a better deal. However, that is about all you can do. We found out the hard way that the Fire (which we bought to replace a misplaced iPad, so maybe we were just spoiled) is pretty limited in terms of the Apps you can download. Forget about any Google based Apps and many of the standard apps that are generally available in the Android or Apple market place. I love Amazon itself and don't have any major issues with the product I got for the price I paid, I just won't be going the cheap route in the future. Hindsight being 20/20, I should have spent the money to just get a new iPad since that is what we were used to.
2	My 5 year old dropped this from a standing position (about a foot off the ground) and it busted. I had to use the BB warranty to replace it the day after purchase for a fall that the tablet should've been able to handle that is designed for kids. I'm happy with the apps, but definitely not thrilled with the lack of protection that is designed for kids.
2	fire tablet is very powerful for the size and does everything!
2	nice size, very clear but randomly shuts off. cant remove unwanted apps from the home screen. if you watch video..it buffers alot and laggs.
2	When this item is charged it works great, but it takes too long to charge. Asking my 3 year old to wait about 3 hours (no exaggerating) is a bit much. We have tried to buy a new charger and it still takes just as long. My niece has this same tablet and it take about 45 minutes to charge once it is fully dead
2	Hard time getting the free apps to load and the voice app to turn off when my seven year old accedently turned it on.
2	I really liked the build quality but the very lackluster performance and minuscule battery life didn't make it a keeper for me.
2	Bought it for my 5 yr old daughter and for some reason it did not work. This is the second time I've purchased this and had to return it. So I will get her a mini iPad. Never again will I waste my time and money.
2	I have to say this was not that great a purchase and we will most likely be taking advantage of it's greatest product feature, which is the ability to return it for a full refund. We wanted a smaller tablet for our kids, well this is smaller in every way, options are limited and we have realized that we are better off just letting the kids use our tablet so we can buy the newest one. This thing may go back to the store as soon as tonight.
2	"You can not block Bing and it shows ""trending now"" News content. This can not be deleted or blocked. It also types ahead and adds content."
2	If you shop on Amazon all the time, this will help make it easier still. Lots of ads pop up, and you can't use apps from non-Amazon sources unless you root it, and that is complicated. This is not a realistic alternative to an iPad or Galaxy Note. If you just want to a device to shop on Amazon with, you'll love it.
2	I am disappointed that this is not more toddler friendly. It is a kindle inside a kid proof case. You have to set up child locks, etc. My biggest complaint is most of the games that are available you have to be connected to the internet. I wanted something to take to church, in the car, etc.
2	Slow processor equates to slow internet browsing. User I nterface is ok. Really wish it had the capability to lock onto the movie screen while my toddler watches movies. Next time I'll just spend the additional money on an iPad mini for my kids.
2	Not sure why, but it kept freezing and ended up having to return it. Very disappointing
2	I bought this Kindle for my 7 year old grand-daughter. I bought a warranty for it. I bought it in August, I have already had to replace it. The charger connection got loose and was not charging. Well, it has happened again. I will need to exchange it again. The problem is that I have to buy the warranty each time. I was going to buy one for her brothers and sister, but I am now rethinking that.
2	Seemed to be fine as Chtistmas gift for granddaughter. However, today she reported that it wouldn't turn on or charge today. Supposed to have two year unconditional guarantee. Don't know where to take it.
2	Got this for my 9 year old and several games that he wants to play are not accessible on this tablet. Seems like this is geared more towards younger kids. Case is good though and keeps tablet safe. Would be tough to break!!
2	I'm planning on returning this tablet just as soon as I can!`
2	This is a good tablet for children and adults too. However there is an issue with the port and charger cable. We did not even have this tablet 3 weeks before it would barley charge. Took it back to best buy and they said they could not fox it, and imagine the port is not covered under the manufacturer warranty. So now I have a tablet that takes a couple days to charge. Its really frustrating.
2	Will not seem to charge all the way and this is my 7th Kindlle.
2	Picture quality is not good. I don't like this product
2	Super slow, not of decent quality.I would not buy another. Memory on it is lacking for 8 gig. I will not recommend it to anyone
2	this item is not good ok ...no use for my kids ,,,
2	I originally looked at a Samsung in the store to purchase for my just turned 2 year old. The salesperson talked me into buying this tablet. It would be great for an older child, as the learning games preloaded are pretty advanced. They are way over my child's head and he is advanced for his age. I thought that I might just be able to go to the Playstore and download the learning games that I wanted from there but it will not let me access that. Very disappointed. We don't really even use it. Maybe next year.
2	Prob good for price but to many bugs. Freezes up often and games don't always load
2	When i purchased 2 if them i assumwd it would be kid friendly. Its fill with tons of bloat wear. The opening screen has about 15 -20 apps. It worse than a normal adult tablet. my kids dont use it at all because we have to unlock it for them everytime then open the kids app. Then we have to hover over them to help them ever step of the way.
2	I didn't find it useful for my 4yr old daugter so i returned it the other day.All the games in it r so kiddy games.
2	I'm used to a n iPad so I wasnt impressed with the kindle. I found it hard to navigate
2	Got this for my 8yo daughter. A lot of the times it doesn't work, I have to restart it a lot, and it only has 3 apps that I added on it. It came with way too many pre-loaded apps, and the most annoying thing is that the kids profile is permanently horizontal. Not really worth the money for me, but at least she's playing her Inside Out bubble game on her own tablet instead of my IPad.
2	Very difficult to connect to You Tube. Very frustrating
2	I bought this tablet for my son and I don't like it. The touch screen is very poor quality. It's hard to move things around on it when he is playing a game. He prefers my iPad than to use his own. I know the iPad quality is probably the best quality but it's way under that! Very frustrating. Will be returning it.
2	"Maybe I had higher expectationin general i will not recommend since the service of Amazon solving situations is not as good as in other products, I've had so much troubles with the amazon free time, I am even not longer using it (it was one of the ""big"" features on the advertisment. I will recommend to look for other alternatives before to take a decision on buying this product"
2	Not a good product short battery life i can only use for 20 minutes
2	So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all...
2	After owning the kids Samsung, this seems confusing to navigate. Also they have returned to using the Samaumg
2	Had it for about a week and now it won't take charge, tried new chargers and still not taking charge. Happy with tablet but unhappy about not chatging
2	The first Fire HD8 we purchased died within 1 week of purchase. We had to go back and exchange it for a new one. Not a good sign so far.
2	I loved this tablet. I did! BUT I did not love that I was being sold ads every time I powered up! I loathe even more that I would have had to pay $15 to discontinue that feature. Amazon if you want $105 dollars for the Kindle Fire, charge it! but don't under price the device, and then flash ads at the the consumer at every opportunity. It is unbecoming of you! I returned this item pronto!
2	I think I downloaded 6 new apps. I wait to surf the web. This thing is so slow to respond. My old refurbished iPad is better. I really only bought it to stream Hulu and Netflix. I'm not excited about lighting up the home screen to find advertisements every day, but I guess you get what you pay for. I wanted inexpensive, I got it! Don't buy this if you are used to using quick responding electronics.
2	Touch response is not so good. so my kid refused to play games on this.Returned this product. Thanks to Bestbuy for the full refund
2	You get what you pay for... This is not great, the functionality and limitations leave much to be desired. Should have spent more and got another Samsung Galaxy Tab.
2	I received an email asking if I would like to give my review and I am glad that I did. I purchased this less than 2 months ago and it has already quit working. It will not charge and it will no longer power on. All I have is a black screen. When it did work, it dropped internet quite frequently and froze several times during use. I would not recommend this product.
2	Didn't have some of the features I was looking for. Returned it the next day. May be good for others
2	The wifi would drop often to where I could not listen to Spotify or other services without buffering.
2	Easy to carry in purse or pocket but doesn't do anything better than the cheapest Kindle reader.
2	It's my 3rd purchase of the amazon Fire. Got extended warranty. So basically getting the next one at 50% off next year
2	Loved my husbands 4th generation disappointed in my 5th generation. 4th generation has 2 speakers and sound is much louder than the current 5th generation. I purchased this expecting the same quality in sound, or better, since I use the kindle to watch my TV shows.
2	Kindle is good as long as it is plugged into a wall outlet. The battery lasts a mere 15 minutes as a portable unit. Not happy with this. Takes an hour to charge the battery to 100% yet drains in 15 minutes. There`s something mathematically wrong with this equation.
2	It's a good device for children because they don't know any better
2	It is too heavy for its size! I purchased it to replace a larger Nook, and find that it weighs as much. Screen is attractive but it even with a good signal in public places, hanging on to Wifi is difficult. It is not efficient when downloading (buffering, buffering...) and I am still debating returning it for another tablet.
2	Hi,I ordered this for my daughter who has an extensive liking of tablets. She didnt like it because of lack of google play services and she didnt have the patience to work with it. I knew that the os is only amazon specific but despite the apps that can be downloaded, she was disappointed. I returned it.If you are an avid amazon person, the tablet works great, if you want a google tablet, this isn't for you. I would recommend these for people that want a good decent tablet that they can read and use amazon apps on.
2	I purchased this tablet a week ago as a gift for my brother and it has restarted itself over ten times and has shut off while someone was on in on different occasions Will be getting my money back and getting a samsung..
2	Hard to use, Lots of ads, and Randomly closes apps
2	I can't update Facebook and a few other apps. It's not what I expected.
2	Amazon fire is a good tablet if you like e-books. It's also nice to get a six-month subscription to the Washington Post. Their claim to have 16 gigabytes of storage is misleading because it only gives you 5 and then they want to charge you the same amount of money that you paid for the tablet for unlimited storage.  Another problem is that you can't flag something as being inappropriate like you can on Samsung Galaxy tablets.
2	Amazon fire is a good tablet if you like e-books. It's also nice to get a six-month subscription to the Washington Post. Their claim to have 16 gigabytes of storage is misleading because it only gives you 5 and then they want to charge you the same amount of money that you paid for the tablet for unlimited storage. Another problem is that you can't flag something as being inappropriate like you can on Samsung Galaxy tablets.
2	Bought this for my toddler to watch his shows on netflix amazon and vudu. Vudu isnt compatable, netflix is so slow it kept buffering, so he got upset. Acording to its specs it has a faster processing system than my linsay tablet bit its five times slower atleast. Downloading anything takes forever. It was also very difficult to navigate.Over all waste of money
2	The tablet works great when the battery is charged. The problem we have is the provided charging cable connector does not seat well into the tablet's micro USB port and does not have a solid electrical connection. Therefore, most of the time the tablet sits useless with a dead battery.
2	The battery is having more and more trouble holding a charge. I bought the Fire in July and am now having to charge it every day in order to use it. I am not impressed and would not repurchase it.
2	Bought it accidentally. Meant to get an 8 inch screen.
2	Can't really give a full review since the Kindle Fire seemed to work properly, however, the security, Webroot Anywhere, that was included was impossible to install. I tried calling Geek Squad 4 times for support and was disconnected EVERY time. I finally went to store for instructions which they printed off but still would not download. I've ended up buying an iPad which is fantastic and would not buy again from BestBuy.
2	I love the kindle and have had one in one shape or another since they first came out, but I just could not take how slow this model was. I returned it and purchased a Samsung tablet.
2	I had originally decided to get a kindle instead of an iPad due to the cost. It's a great screen and has good sound, but the battery is pure junk! I should have went with an iPad.
2	Good for reading but video quality is not so good.
2	The looks and the screen of Amazon - Fire HD 8 Kids Edition are good. The navigation is sluggish when compared to apple and Samsung. The touch screen is not very responsive. Camera is not so good. Amazon should have done much better job to make it a better product to compete with Samsung and apple. Hope Amazon makes improvements. The cost is low and appreciate that. I would not recommend to someone who is looking for good product. I cost is the factor you can live with it.
2	It?sadvertisement Everything on your scree but it? very cheap.
2	I have always bought nabi's they have lasted for a couple of years with my grandkids This item I bought for my six year old grandson as an upgrade (his nabi lasted 26 months) This broke in two days after giving it to him, It would not charge and the LCD went out . I am now having to jump through hoops to get it replaced .
2	I have always bought nabi's they have lasted for a couple of years with my grandkids This item I bought for my six year old grandson as an upgrade (his nabi lasted 26 months) This broke in two days after giving it to him, It would not charge and the LCD went out . I am now having to jump through hoops to get it replaced .
2	Tablet was doing good until yesterday, which is 18 day from the day I bought it, my son was using it and then it went dead.
2	Disappointed with screen brightness. I would not recommend it. And, yes, I adjusted the screen to maximum.
2	Not really impressed by this item. It is pretty slow.
2	The Unit had good screen resolution and the size was not bad but, Not at all impressed with the Amazon operating system.
2	I think the charging port should be something more simple since this product is aimed at smaller children. We?ve only had ours for a month and the port is broke. Getting a new one sent to us.
2	Good for reading but video quality is not so good.
2	Not reaching my expectations and it's okay to kids to play games
2	It was affordable but does not meet features that you need for videos callinh.
2	Tried to watch youtube and other video from different sources but it was horrible. The sound would lag w or 3 seconds behind the viewing. Returned for Samsung S2 tablet which is wonderful. You get what you pay for.
2	Not a good tablet for kids. To avoid ads from appearing, you must pay 15 dollars.
2	We have only had this product for about a month and there's already a problem with the charging port. Having to send it back. My Daycare owns 3 of them for her own children and their having the same problems with two of there's.
2	I mainly got this to have a bigger screen to read my news on. My favorite news app refused to open! Only good was that I have amazon prime. However, I returned the fire tablet and got the iPad 2017. Much happier with that!!
2	I purchased the Kids kindle because of the warranty plan. Thinking it's the best deal for the money. I find it in no way user friendly for my ha me or my 3 year old granddaughter! She can take my iPad go strength to her folder.
2	I purchased the Kids kindle because of the warranty plan. Thinking it's the best deal for the money. I find it in no way user friendly for my ha me or my 3 year old granddaughter! She can take my iPad go strength to her folder.
2	Loved my husbands 4th generation disappointed in my 5th generation. 4th generation has 2 speakers and sound is much louder than the current 5th generation. I purchased this expecting the same quality in sound, or better, since I use the kindle to watch my TV shows.
2	Kindle is good as long as it is plugged into a wall outlet. The battery lasts a mere 15 minutes as a portable unit. Not happy with this. Takes an hour to charge the battery to 100% yet drains in 15 minutes. There`s something mathematically wrong with this equation.
2	It is too heavy for its size! I purchased it to replace a larger Nook, and find that it weighs as much. Screen is attractive but it even with a good signal in public places, hanging on to Wifi is difficult. It is not efficient when downloading (buffering, buffering...) and I am still debating returning it for another tablet.
2	I purchased this tablet a week ago as a gift for my brother and it has restarted itself over ten times and has shut off while someone was on in on different occasions Will be getting my money back and getting a samsung..
2	Hard to use, Lots of ads, and Randomly closes apps
2	Wasnt really impressed with the operating system. Was hoping it was more of android style. Not so much.
2	Bought this for my toddler to watch his shows on netflix amazon and vudu. Vudu isnt compatable, netflix is so slow it kept buffering, so he got upset. Acording to its specs it has a faster processing system than my linsay tablet bit its five times slower atleast. Downloading anything takes forever. It was also very difficult to navigate.Over all waste of money
2	Just got this today and have been struggling with a few things. Set up itself was pretty easy right oit of the box. Had no idea I would not have access to Google Play Store. Beware, there is a much more limited selection of apps available for this device. Browsing is slow, even while in the same room with my modem. Much slower than my phone or my other tablet. Tumblr app, though able to be downloaded, malfunctions consistently. Will probably return this and get a more capable tablet, but will give it another couple of days to get used to it before doing so.
2	The tablet works great when the battery is charged. The problem we have is the provided charging cable connector does not seat well into the tablet's micro USB port and does not have a solid electrical connection. Therefore, most of the time the tablet sits useless with a dead battery.
2	The battery is having more and more trouble holding a charge. I bought the Fire in July and am now having to charge it every day in order to use it. I am not impressed and would not repurchase it.
2	Bought it accidentally. Meant to get an 8 inch screen.
2	Loved my husbands 4th generation disappointed in my 5th generation. 4th generation has 2 speakers and sound is much louder than the current 5th generation. I purchased this expecting the same quality in sound, or better, since I use the kindle to watch my TV shows.
2	Kindle is good as long as it is plugged into a wall outlet. The battery lasts a mere 15 minutes as a portable unit. Not happy with this. Takes an hour to charge the battery to 100% yet drains in 15 minutes. There`s something mathematically wrong with this equation.
2	It's a good device for children because they don't know any better
2	It is too heavy for its size! I purchased it to replace a larger Nook, and find that it weighs as much. Screen is attractive but it even with a good signal in public places, hanging on to Wifi is difficult. It is not efficient when downloading (buffering, buffering...) and I am still debating returning it for another tablet.
2	Hi,I ordered this for my daughter who has an extensive liking of tablets. She didnt like it because of lack of google play services and she didnt have the patience to work with it. I knew that the os is only amazon specific but despite the apps that can be downloaded, she was disappointed. I returned it.If you are an avid amazon person, the tablet works great, if you want a google tablet, this isn't for you. I would recommend these for people that want a good decent tablet that they can read and use amazon apps on.
2	I purchased this tablet a week ago as a gift for my brother and it has restarted itself over ten times and has shut off while someone was on in on different occasions Will be getting my money back and getting a samsung..
2	Hard to use, Lots of ads, and Randomly closes apps
2	I can't update Facebook and a few other apps. It's not what I expected.
2	Amazon fire is a good tablet if you like e-books. It's also nice to get a six-month subscription to the Washington Post. Their claim to have 16 gigabytes of storage is misleading because it only gives you 5 and then they want to charge you the same amount of money that you paid for the tablet for unlimited storage. Another problem is that you can't flag something as being inappropriate like you can on Samsung Galaxy tablets.
2	Amazon fire is a good tablet if you like e-books. It's also nice to get a six-month subscription to the Washington Post. Their claim to have 16 gigabytes of storage is misleading because it only gives you 5 and then they want to charge you the same amount of money that you paid for the tablet for unlimited storage.  Another problem is that you can't flag something as being inappropriate like you can on Samsung Galaxy tablets.
2	Bought this for my toddler to watch his shows on netflix amazon and vudu. Vudu isnt compatable, netflix is so slow it kept buffering, so he got upset. Acording to its specs it has a faster processing system than my linsay tablet bit its five times slower atleast. Downloading anything takes forever. It was also very difficult to navigate.Over all waste of money
2	Just got this today and have been struggling with a few things. Set up itself was pretty easy right oit of the box. Had no idea I would not have access to Google Play Store. Beware, there is a much more limited selection of apps available for this device. Browsing is slow, even while in the same room with my modem. Much slower than my phone or my other tablet. Tumblr app, though able to be downloaded, malfunctions consistently. Will probably return this and get a more capable tablet, but will give it another couple of days to get used to it before doing so.
2	The tablet works great when the battery is charged. The problem we have is the provided charging cable connector does not seat well into the tablet's micro USB port and does not have a solid electrical connection. Therefore, most of the time the tablet sits useless with a dead battery.
2	The battery is having more and more trouble holding a charge. I bought the Fire in July and am now having to charge it every day in order to use it. I am not impressed and would not repurchase it.
2	Bought it accidentally. Meant to get an 8 inch screen.
2	Can't really give a full review since the Kindle Fire seemed to work properly, however, the security, Webroot Anywhere, that was included was impossible to install. I tried calling Geek Squad 4 times for support and was disconnected EVERY time. I finally went to store for instructions which they printed off but still would not download. I've ended up buying an iPad which is fantastic and would not buy again from BestBuy.
2	I've always been a fan of the Kindle, ever since the first one came out over a decade again.I was excited about this Kindle due to the many premium features it showed - the all-metal finish, high-resolution ePaper display, backlighting, extended battery life, etc.I was significantly disappointed to see that Amazon pushes ads through the Kindle when you put it into sleep mode, and throughout the store options. Additionally, I was further frustrated by the fact that I learned there was a cellular version (available direct from Amazon) but not through the store. For such an expensive unit, to have ads with no option to disable them, seems unreasonable and like a rip-off. Additionally, the fact that this only supports wifi (not cellular or WhisperSync) makes it even more of a drawback and something I would not recommend to a friend - stick with the cheaper version.I also found annoying problems trying to get my Apple Airpod earphones to work with this device. Pairing took forever to finish or work (had to try three different times) and if the unit sits for too long, I found that I had to go through the entire pairing process again
2	Easy to carry in purse or pocket but doesn't do anything better than the cheapest Kindle reader.
2	I bought 2 Amazon Kid's Fire Tablets for my two grandsons for Christmas. Included in the purchase of the A.K.F. Tablets is a one year subscription to KID's Free Time.I have called & emailed inquiring about the registration process in order for my daughter to activate & begin using the free one year subscription of KID's FREE TIME, & still no resolution.Upon trying to register tablets, credit card used to purchase is required. I do not understand why my credit card needs to be submitted in order to obtain/activate a service that is included in the already PREPAID Purchase!I have been waiting for a response since Christmas.Therefore, at this time, I would have to give a 2 star rating due to the lack of customer service available for this product. With hope of getting this issue resolved I would still recommend to a friend.
2	The charging plugs on these kindle damage way to easy. I am very disappointed as this is not the first time this has happened to one of my kindles.
2	Downloaded movies for my son to watch and the audio is terrible, you could barely hear it so I returned it
2	So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all
2	Was looking for a tablet for my young daughter. This was on sale and had good reviews. After consulting with the sales associate with some questions, I decided to purchase item. Nice looking product, however, very little storage space.... after downloading a few apps... the storage was full and was required to buy more! Also, cannot play videos unless hooked up to wifi. Unlike the sales associate told me. Very disappointing!!! Would not recommend!
2	When this item is charged it works great, but it takes too long to charge. Asking my 3 year old to wait about 3 hours (no exaggerating) is a bit much. We have tried to buy a new charger and it still takes just as long. My niece has this same tablet and it take about 45 minutes to charge once it is fully dead
2	Hard time getting the free apps to load and the voice app to turn off when my seven year old accedently turned it on.
2	I have to say this was not that great a purchase and we will most likely be taking advantage of it's greatest product feature, which is the ability to return it for a full refund. We wanted a smaller tablet for our kids, well this is smaller in every way, options are limited and we have realized that we are better off just letting the kids use our tablet so we can buy the newest one. This thing may go back to the store as soon as tonight.
2	"You can not block Bing and it shows ""trending now"" News content. This can not be deleted or blocked. It also types ahead and adds content."
2	I am disappointed that this is not more toddler friendly. It is a kindle inside a kid proof case. You have to set up child locks, etc. My biggest complaint is most of the games that are available you have to be connected to the internet. I wanted something to take to church, in the car, etc.
2	Slow processor equates to slow internet browsing. User I nterface is ok. Really wish it had the capability to lock onto the movie screen while my toddler watches movies. Next time I'll just spend the additional money on an iPad mini for my kids.
2	Not sure why, but it kept freezing and ended up having to return it. Very disappointing
2	I bought this Kindle for my 7 year old grand-daughter. I bought a warranty for it. I bought it in August, I have already had to replace it. The charger connection got loose and was not charging. Well, it has happened again. I will need to exchange it again. The problem is that I have to buy the warranty each time. I was going to buy one for her brothers and sister, but I am now rethinking that.
2	Seemed to be fine as Chtistmas gift for granddaughter. However, today she reported that it wouldn't turn on or charge today. Supposed to have two year unconditional guarantee. Don't know where to take it.
2	It was too slow he didn't put any attention to it. Battery didn't last.
2	This is a good tablet for children and adults too. However there is an issue with the port and charger cable. We did not even have this tablet 3 weeks before it would barley charge. Took it back to best buy and they said they could not fox it, and imagine the port is not covered under the manufacturer warranty. So now I have a tablet that takes a couple days to charge. Its really frustrating.
2	Super slow, not of decent quality.I would not buy another. Memory on it is lacking for 8 gig. I will not recommend it to anyone
2	this item is not good ok ...no use for my kids ,,,
2	Prob good for price but to many bugs. Freezes up often and games don't always load
2	When i purchased 2 if them i assumwd it would be kid friendly. Its fill with tons of bloat wear. The opening screen has about 15 -20 apps. It worse than a normal adult tablet. my kids dont use it at all because we have to unlock it for them everytime then open the kids app. Then we have to hover over them to help them ever step of the way.
2	I didn't find it useful for my 4yr old daugter so i returned it the other day.All the games in it r so kiddy games.
2	Got this for my 8yo daughter. A lot of the times it doesn't work, I have to restart it a lot, and it only has 3 apps that I added on it. It came with way too many pre-loaded apps, and the most annoying thing is that the kids profile is permanently horizontal. Not really worth the money for me, but at least she's playing her Inside Out bubble game on her own tablet instead of my IPad.
2	Very difficult to connect to You Tube. Very frustrating
2	I bought this tablet for my son and I don't like it. The touch screen is very poor quality. It's hard to move things around on it when he is playing a game. He prefers my iPad than to use his own. I know the iPad quality is probably the best quality but it's way under that! Very frustrating. Will be returning it.
2	"Maybe I had higher expectationin general i will not recommend since the service of Amazon solving situations is not as good as in other products, I've had so much troubles with the amazon free time, I am even not longer using it (it was one of the ""big"" features on the advertisment. I will recommend to look for other alternatives before to take a decision on buying this product"
2	After owning the kids Samsung, this seems confusing to navigate. Also they have returned to using the Samaumg
2	Touch response is not so good. so my kid refused to play games on this.Returned this product. Thanks to Bestbuy for the full refund
2	The charging plugs on these kindle damage way to easy. I am very disappointed as this is not the first time this has happened to one of my kindles.
2	So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all
2	Was looking for a tablet for my young daughter. This was on sale and had good reviews. After consulting with the sales associate with some questions, I decided to purchase item. Nice looking product, however, very little storage space.... after downloading a few apps... the storage was full and was required to buy more! Also, cannot play videos unless hooked up to wifi. Unlike the sales associate told me. Very disappointing!!! Would not recommend!
2	My 5 year old dropped this from a standing position (about a foot off the ground) and it busted. I had to use the BB warranty to replace it the day after purchase for a fall that the tablet should've been able to handle that is designed for kids. I'm happy with the apps, but definitely not thrilled with the lack of protection that is designed for kids.
2	When this item is charged it works great, but it takes too long to charge. Asking my 3 year old to wait about 3 hours (no exaggerating) is a bit much. We have tried to buy a new charger and it still takes just as long. My niece has this same tablet and it take about 45 minutes to charge once it is fully dead
2	I have to say this was not that great a purchase and we will most likely be taking advantage of it's greatest product feature, which is the ability to return it for a full refund. We wanted a smaller tablet for our kids, well this is smaller in every way, options are limited and we have realized that we are better off just letting the kids use our tablet so we can buy the newest one. This thing may go back to the store as soon as tonight.
2	I am disappointed that this is not more toddler friendly. It is a kindle inside a kid proof case. You have to set up child locks, etc. My biggest complaint is most of the games that are available you have to be connected to the internet. I wanted something to take to church, in the car, etc.
2	Slow processor equates to slow internet browsing. User I nterface is ok. Really wish it had the capability to lock onto the movie screen while my toddler watches movies. Next time I'll just spend the additional money on an iPad mini for my kids.
2	Not sure why, but it kept freezing and ended up having to return it. Very disappointing
2	I bought this Kindle for my 7 year old grand-daughter. I bought a warranty for it. I bought it in August, I have already had to replace it. The charger connection got loose and was not charging. Well, it has happened again. I will need to exchange it again. The problem is that I have to buy the warranty each time. I was going to buy one for her brothers and sister, but I am now rethinking that.
2	Seemed to be fine as Chtistmas gift for granddaughter. However, today she reported that it wouldn't turn on or charge today. Supposed to have two year unconditional guarantee. Don't know where to take it.
2	1st kindle screen failed & had to reboot often. Customer Service couldn't fix. Replaced. 2nd one screen reboots often. Customer service offered replace. Just want one that works. Can't get upgrade replacement
2	Got this for my 9 year old and several games that he wants to play are not accessible on this tablet. Seems like this is geared more towards younger kids. Case is good though and keeps tablet safe. Would be tough to break!!
2	It was too slow he didn't put any attention to it. Battery didn't last.
2	The tablet itself works fine but this is the 2nd one I have gotten with a similar problem. The port seems to come defected. The charger doesn't stay in and it takes a long time to charge. Replaced charger with a brand new one and it still has issues.
2	Picture quality is not good. I don't like this product
2	this item is not good ok ...no use for my kids ,,,
2	Prob good for price but to many bugs. Freezes up often and games don't always load
2	When i purchased 2 if them i assumwd it would be kid friendly. Its fill with tons of bloat wear. The opening screen has about 15 -20 apps. It worse than a normal adult tablet. my kids dont use it at all because we have to unlock it for them everytime then open the kids app. Then we have to hover over them to help them ever step of the way.
2	I didn't find it useful for my 4yr old daugter so i returned it the other day.All the games in it r so kiddy games.
2	Got this for my 8yo daughter. A lot of the times it doesn't work, I have to restart it a lot, and it only has 3 apps that I added on it. It came with way too many pre-loaded apps, and the most annoying thing is that the kids profile is permanently horizontal. Not really worth the money for me, but at least she's playing her Inside Out bubble game on her own tablet instead of my IPad.
2	Very difficult to connect to You Tube. Very frustrating
2	So I bought my little guys these tablets... so that I could repossess my IPad. Love the free time app but who could've imagined they wouldn't play NETFLIX!! So now... I'm out the money for the tablet and still don't have my iPad back... and yes, I called Amazon numerous times... they work after the fix, but the next time they go to use them they don't work again... the fix takes several minutes as it's force stopping the app, clearing cache then doing a hard restart... then you have to wait to restart Netflix.... oh and sometimes you have to do it numerous times before it works... if it works at all...
2	The screen is too dark, and cannot adjust the brightness
2	Touch response is not so good. so my kid refused to play games on this.Returned this product. Thanks to Bestbuy for the full refund
2	it would not load my books proper. took a dozen tries erasing an dreregistering. screen too dark
2	I bought this thing refurbished. I find that I have to unplug / plug back in the HDMI cable on a regular basis when switching inputs on the TV. Not sure if it is the Amazon Fire box itself or if it is the TV (Not likely).Otherwise it is a good device. I bought it for the ability to hard wire my Ethernet connection to my gigabit switch and for 4K capabilities which it does do. Having the Alexa app is handy but her features can be severely handicapped.I probably should have just bought it new..... usually refurbished devices work well as they are tested before resale and it was probably tough to catch that the HDMI port on these might be finicky. I may have to switch it out.
2	I purchased my Kindle2 in March of 09 - and it came with this adapter and cord. It is now October 09, and the small part of the adapter for this cord has stopped working. Fortunately, I was able to plug the CORD part into my laptop's USB port, and charge the Kindle that way. While plugged into a wall socket using Amazon's adapter, it does not charge at all (no light, no charge, no nothin'). I tried using the USB/Power adapter for my iPod, but the charge light blinked intermittently, and it seemed to drain the Kindle's battery. I have only had this for 9 months. I think the adapter should last longer than that. Preferably, Amazon could/should have come up with an interface that allows the use of adapters we already have - like for our phones or iPods. It's not rocket science... but it IS marketing. I came online to purchase the replacement, but I'm not sure I want to buy the same thing.... I have both the original Kindle and the Kindle2, and I love the product, but with this adapter, I have to ask.... Why
2	If you need a basic tablet then the fire works. It falls apart when compared to the iPad mini from a usability, functionality and available apps standpoint.
2	Tablet had trouble from the begging it kept restarting and rebooting I had to return it.
2	I got a magenta color because I loved the beautiful purple-ish color shown on the picture. Instead I got a really bright pink-ish color which looks nothing like the color shown here. I went to the store hoping to replace it with a different color but was told that since I bought it on sale, I had to pay the $30 dollar price difference if I wanted to exchange. Unbelievable. The product is good but I never liked the Best buy customer service.
2	Bought it in order to watch NBC but the NBC app isn't compatible, so now I have a paperweight.
2	"I bought this tablet as a replacement for my wife's Fire TV HDX 8.9 as her battery life is starting to decrease as it is getting older. Unfortunately, she was not happy with it as the tablet is slightly smaller screen wise (the next step is 10"" which is way too big, and has 4 less hours of battery life) and I was disappointed despite it being a newer tablet it was not able to decode HEVC, like the Fire TV 2015 boxes we have connected to our televisions. This unfortunately is a show stopper, as we can't view the movie library we have on this tablet. We will wait until a newer version comes out that is improved."
2	"I was initially excited to get the Kindle. I am extremely disappointed with all the ads. Even more disappointed to find out that I could pay Amazon more money to remove the ads. It's frustrating that Best Buy and more specifically Amazon, don't let the consumer know on the box or in store advertising that what you're buying is a mini advertising billboard. Why couldn't there be an upfront statement on the box or in the store stating that the ""low price"" is subsidized by all the ads on the device? Would this have changed my purchase? Absolutely!!!! I would have spent a couple bucks more and probably got a Samsung tablet."
2	The headphone jack restarts the tablet when you plug the headphone cord into it. That is why I am giving the product only 2 stars. Otherwise, the screen is great.
2	fire tablet is very powerful for the size and does everything!
2	nice size, very clear but randomly shuts off. cant remove unwanted apps from the home screen. if you watch video..it buffers alot and laggs.
2	I really liked the build quality but the very lackluster performance and minuscule battery life didn't make it a keeper for me.
2	If you shop on Amazon all the time, this will help make it easier still. Lots of ads pop up, and you can't use apps from non-Amazon sources unless you root it, and that is complicated. This is not a realistic alternative to an iPad or Galaxy Note. If you just want to a device to shop on Amazon with, you'll love it.
2	I'm planning on returning this tablet just as soon as I can!`
2	Will not seem to charge all the way and this is my 7th Kindlle.
2	My wife wanted an iPad. I bought her this because it was cheaper and good for reading and playing games. She uses iOS products so it's not compatible. She hardly ever uses it. Next time I'll get what she wants and not waste my money.
2	I'm used to a n iPad so I wasnt impressed with the kindle. I found it hard to navigate
2	We purchased this as a replacement for our now-broken iPad. Though we liked the smaller size (more convenient, easier to carry, etc), the internet was sooooooo slowwwwww that it drove us crazy. Sometimes minutes to download a site (and this with no other apps open!1). Plan to go back to another iPad.
2	Not a good product short battery life i can only use for 20 minutes
2	Had it for about a week and now it won't take charge, tried new chargers and still not taking charge. Happy with tablet but unhappy about not chatging
2	The first Fire HD8 we purchased died within 1 week of purchase. We had to go back and exchange it for a new one. Not a good sign so far.
2	I loved this tablet. I did! BUT I did not love that I was being sold ads every time I powered up! I loathe even more that I would have had to pay $15 to discontinue that feature. Amazon if you want $105 dollars for the Kindle Fire, charge it! but don't under price the device, and then flash ads at the the consumer at every opportunity. It is unbecoming of you! I returned this item pronto!
2	I think I downloaded 6 new apps. I wait to surf the web. This thing is so slow to respond. My old refurbished iPad is better. I really only bought it to stream Hulu and Netflix. I'm not excited about lighting up the home screen to find advertisements every day, but I guess you get what you pay for. I wanted inexpensive, I got it! Don't buy this if you are used to using quick responding electronics.
2	Didn't have some of the features I was looking for. Returned it the next day. May be good for others
2	"My Hulu plays perfectly..great volume. Kindle starts right up so I'm able to read fine. However, when I'm on Facebook and click on an article to read, it goes to the page, and within 30 seconds, the page closes. Sometimes Facebook app won't even load. I find it blanking in and out and not showing some icons at times. I haven't dropped it so I'm assuming this is an internal problem :( I have tried playing a couple games and it will say that I need ""the Amazon app"" where I go to purchase stuff, which I already have...then it closes out saying ERROR. I wish I could replace for a new one."
3	I order 3 of them and one of the item is bad quality. Is missing backup spring so I have to put a pcs of aluminum to make the battery work.
3	These do not hold the amount of high power juice like energizer or duracell, but they are half the price.
3	When I first started getting the Amazon basic batteries I really liked them. With recent purchases, they do not seem to last like they had, or maybe a mixed-bag (inconsistent with some lasting better than others). I have not done any tests, but feel some other brands may last longer. However, the price is hard to beat.
3	Bought these batteries for my Christmas gifts the month of (december) only lasted like 2months toys now need replacement batteries . I also used some for my doorbell and just now needs replacement batteries. Tv Remote control is still working but these batteries don't last very long...
3	these were under a light we thought they were there to fit the light when they arrived and nice company they were not the batteries we needed it should have been aa but that is ok,it was our fault not knowing this. thanks..
3	Just got them so i really wont kno for a few eeeks or so how good these batteries are
3	I put these batteries in 10 of the 12 window candles that I bought - I put my last 2 Duracell in the other 2. The Amazon Batteries lasted for about 10 days and the Duracell lasted for 12. Since then I've experimented to see if this is consistent . It is, the Duracell last an average of 17 longer.
3	Sorry to say I've been disappointed with these. They didn't last as long in my remotes and RC transmitters as even other store brand alkaline batteries.
3	They didn't last very long in my cheap camera. With them not being lithium I didn't expect them to last forever, but I should of gotten more then a days use out of them. In my Xbox controller they lasted an adequate amount of time. So all in all these definitely aren't for heavy use and the price point reflects that.
3	Adequate performance. I just pulled 16 batteries from four night lights. Half of these were the AmazonBasics AA batteries. Not surprising until I tell you that that AmazonBasics batteries were the last to be installed and the other half were installed long before the AmazonBasics. I don't think I'll buy these again.
3	Mediocre performance
3	Batteries don't last very long compared to Duracell or Energizer
3	The juice in these batteries aren't long term.
3	As expected.
3	As expected from Amazon, there were no problems with the ordering and delivery process. So far I have installed several batteries, but it's too soon to tell how long they are going to last.
3	Decent battery, but seem to change them out a little bit faster than the big name batteries.
3	What we expected, a bargain battery, so we are happy.
3	Great price.
3	Batteries are great, price isn't the best. I've seen similar packs of generic batteries for cheaper. Wegmans comes to mind..
3	Batteries are great.....I need them for my work for my camera for taking pictures on the job of properties. Nice to have extras on hand at an affordable price. I don't see that they last any less time than the name brand batteries.
3	good part is that they give you a lot of them. bad part is they die way too quickly.
3	My remote wouldn't work so I took out my batteries and noticed the end of one of these batteries leaked all along one side of my remote.
3	My bluetooth mouse and keyboard eat batteries, so I liked the idea of a big pack that I could just leave in my desk. These batteries are pretty woeful, though, lasting only about 1/2 as long as the Duracells I get in the grocery store.
3	Not the longest lasting. But good for the price.
3	Pros: You can get a LOT of batteries for a very cheap price!Cons: Batteries do not last very long at ALL!I don't mind changing out batteries on something I use constantly since I got the hundred back, but it can get a little annoying doing it once a week. I bought these specifically for my XBox One controller which is used daily for an hour or two on average.
3	Not sure how long these last yet, but seem fine so far. I like the box they come in that is strong, but then they put hard plastic wrap on 4 packs of the battery that are a pain to remove. Get out your knife, don't cut yourself.
3	These last about a week.
3	Battery drains quite quickly when left inside several other products I had when unused. Not sure if its cheaper than the store, but the quality is not as good as Duracell if I remember correctly. Other than that, getting it as an add on item is great because it allows me to use my products right when I get them without having to worry about making a quick trip to the store
3	Do not last as long as costco/kirkland equivalents.
3	These batteries seem to not last as long as other batteries I have used. They feel like they're made of good material, but they don't last as long as I would like them to.
3	Two of the batteries were already dead. The rest work fine.
3	These work pretty well. They don't seem to last quite as long as Duracell or Energizer, but for the price I will continue to buy.
3	decent batteries. ok life.
3	They dont last as long as certain premium brands but they do OK. I wouldnt put them in critical apps like smoke detectors but for TV remotes and toys and all the other goofy modern distractions that regularly beg for AAs they are OK.
3	Not the best, not the worst. Less life than some batteries but price is right.
3	I used these in wireless microphones in church. They didn't last as long as I expected. Actually, rechargeable batteries do nearly as well.
3	Batteries are notably less long-lived compared to other brands. Disappointed!
3	Medium durability. Gonna buy Duracell in future. Do you have great quality rechargeables
3	They are ok batteries. I use them on my remotes and have to switch out frequently.
3	doesn't work with everything. baby toys good. electronics not so much
3	Don't hold a charge as long as other comparable batteries
3	I like that these batteries are cheaper but they don't last as long as I'd like. We will continue to buy them though because of the price.
3	I didn't expect them to be as good as duracell or energizer, but they only lasted a few weeks in my clock.
3	dont last as long as I expected them to. they are in our fire stick remotes and i have to change them about every 2 or 3 months
3	DON'T RECHARGE THEM LIKE SERIOUSLY DON'T!!!! they work good and last but not for to long and when two of them died i decided to recharge them and it leaked all over my battery charger. my brother took a few and i had no idea he charged a few without a problem and he didn't get his stuff ruined but i did. So if I were you, don't charge them
3	Does not last as long as name brands such as Duracell and Energizer.
3	Their batteries
3	These are fair batteries. They are fine for most toys, etc. but they don't seem to last as long as Duracell or Energizer batteries. And I've found some of the packs to be hit or miss. I've had a few packs with several of the batteries already nearly drained straight out of the package.
3	First one out of the box I placed in a Swissphone Fire department pager. Battery indicator had 3 levels, and a new battery only shows 2 bars. That's rather disappointing, I should have stuck with Duracell, they show full charge.
3	The price is very acceptable, however, feed backs on file indicate these may be a trade-off for shorter life usage. One review stated having experienced battery content leakage. In any event evaluations must be based on individual usage over a reasonable length of time, so I'll reserve my decision on re-orders after first order usage
3	Good price. Shipped fast.
3	For some reason none of these batteries worked. Not sure what was wrong this time. I've bought them before and had no problems. Luckily amazon took it back without a problem
3	Great price but not long lasting in comparison to higher priced competitors. I got about 1/5 of the life I would with Duracell.
3	There batteries do not last as long as Sam's or Costco brand batteries.
3	Good price but I can't tell if these last as long as Duracell. AmazonBasics with Amazon Prime are a great deal though, and I'd probably buy them again. I haven't had any problems with corrosion or other concerns.
3	These batteries work great but they don't last as long as name brand batteries but that's ok. We mostly bought them for my toddler's toys and they work well enough for that!-As a wife and as a mom of 3 kids, I spend a lot of time shopping for deals on the best products out there for my family. It's important to me that if we're spending our hard earned money that we get a top notch product in return. I often rely on the reviews and opinions of others when contemplating purchasing a new product that I haven't tried before myself. Because of that, any products that I buy (whether on Amazon or from a 3rd party) I always make sure to leave a detailed review of the product to help others when selecting items to purchase, as well. My family tests these products fully before forming a solid opinion and writing a review. When I write a review, I keep in mind that those reading are also looking for honesty about the product and want an unbiased opinion to go by. If my review has been helpful to you, please give me a Yes vote on my review. Thank you!
3	I have not had them long but they seem to be doing the job that is required. I will check back in later to discuss battery life if I remember. I will say, that I could have found batteries a bit cheaper around town and on the internet so I probably will not buy these again for this reason.
3	Maybe a great value but many in the pack are DOA.
3	These are good if you're broke and just need to get by. They work, but like other reviewers are saying, they don't last as long as other brands or rechargeable batteries. If you have the money, invest in batteries that last longer and tax the environment less.
3	Just regular AA batteries at a decent price.
3	I had such a good experience with Amazon D batteries that I ordered some of their 2A batteries. The 2A batteries seemed much weaker out of the box. When I changed out a pair in my clock today, they had leaked and were stuck together. Making it difficult to remove them. I looked at the packaging for the new ones and noticed that they were made in Indonesia. After reading the reviews, it seems like it may be a matter of luck whether you get really good batteries for the price or really bad batteries at any price. I like to play blackjack so I will probably order one more time to see how lucky I get.
3	Goof
3	Great price. Too soon to tell if it is a great value.
3	Not tested so I'm not sure of quality
3	I was excited to expand more into the AmazonBasics brand since all previous purchases have been very well received. However, these batteries were not optimal for devices that are constantly on. We used them in gaming controllers for XBox and each set of 2 would make it about 1 day of constant family gaming/TV usage.It's very possible we received a bad batch but due to going through the entire pack in just 2 weeks compared to other brands I will have to steer clear from these in the future.
3	Good price. Have used in my TV remote and had to change batteries after2 months. Other brand of batteries have lasted longer. Get what you pay for.
3	Good price but quality is not really reliable.Some of them run out power real quick and others last super long.After 6 months storage, already have one pack of the batteries generates white powder type of corrosion (indoor, dry cool place, not used yet). Not sure it is quality control issue or stay in their shelf too long before shipping.
3	Good price. When new, they tested on the low end of good with my voltmeter. I'll add to my post after I've had a chance to test battery life.
3	Very good price for batteries, and they work flawlessly. Unfortunately, they don't come in their own Container to keep them together after opening. This means you need to have a small ziploc or something to store them in, or you are just going to have a bunch of loose batteries rolling around all over the place.
3	I hate running out of batteries so I bought this giant pack. It's a good value and the batteries seem to have plenty of juice for normal, non-hardcore activities (TV remotes, flashlights, that kind of thing). I haven't tried them in any high-power devices like digital cameras or remote control cars not sure if they would be the best choice in that case.Edit: they do not last as long as Duracells or Energizers
3	Did not last as long as expected but good value for price.
3	For the price, you can't really go wrong. But they don'5 last long.The only problem is that the battery life is not long at all. If you are using these in a TV Remote (or similar remotes) they will last 3-4 months.If you use these in a flashlight or power toothbrush (or similar items), they only last about a month.It seems that these don't last long in items that you need to use daily for longer periods of time. But, if you are using these for a TV/STB Remote or a holiday decoration that plays music, they will last much longer (approx 3-4 months).
3	Great price. Not too amazing in terms of battery life, but I do not think that you could get a better deal.
3	Great value for kid's toys, but they don't have the longevity of Duracells by any stretch. Definitely worth buying if you need a lot of batteries for cheap to top off all the noisemakers and remotes in your house, but I wouldn't throw them in flashlights or other higher-drain devices.
3	Great price for these alkaline batteries. Being that they are AAA there is not much of a power drain for devices like remote control. I found that the AA amazon basic batteries will not last as long as as you named brand alkaline batteries.
3	I was very surprised as the batteries I got were in date but didn't work very long compared to a generic AA drug store variety. Probably just got a bad batch but I ended up replacing them very quickly in remotes especially.
3	They are packaged by 4s and the plastic is really hard to get off.
3	Don't know if it's my camera or the batteries but they seem to run down pretty quickly
3	Not lasting very long. I read the reviews and expected better life out of these batteries. In comparison to Duracell they seem to last about 75 as long. I find that both the AA and AAA are sub-par in longevity. Perhaps that is the way I use them but I really expected more.
3	These are batteries what else can one say did anyone get silver batteries instead of white Hopefully they will be better than the previous version.
3	These have a very short life. I do not recommend this brand
3	I use a headlamp at work all day and everyday. I decided to try these instead of the duracells that I normally use and they definently don't last nearly as long. I don't understand all the good reviews about these. I won't purchase again.
3	I haven't really kept track meticulously but these batteries don't seem to last as long as Kirkland brand or Duracell.
3	I purchased these for the office as everyone has an Apple mouse that uses AA batteries. I found myself changing batteries on my mouse almost every month with these batteries. Yes they work, but not for long. We purchased these in September and we blew through these in 2.5 months with 16 employees. With Duracell batteries, which I purchased again, they last much longer, several months instead of just one month.
3	Don't seem to last long. I think dollar general batteries are just as good.
3	I used these batteries with my LED lights. It works but it doesn't last long. I used Duracell batteries the same price last much longer.
3	I primarily use these for my noise cancelling headphones and wireless mouse. Overall, for the price, this is an okay product. I do not get the longevity I received when buying other brands, but for the price and quantity it seems to all equal out. I would not recommend using them for vital devices nor rely on them in emergencies.
3	Wish I had opened the package all the way as soon as I received it because several of the batteries had leaked and caused corrosion on several more. Learned one this time.
3	Batteries are decent. I wouldn't consider them better than Duracell or Energizer but the price is right.
3	I miss the bunny with the drum.
3	These are OK. Used to Rayovacs to save but, these cost the same and seem to last about 3/4 as much as the other brand. Mostly used for Xbox controllers and Mac mice/keyboard.
3	Work fine but I have had a couple start leaking in less than a month. Worried this may happen while in electronics.
3	IT'S A BATTERY
3	I mean, it's a crap ton of batteries for a decent price. They just die quickly.
3	Its a battery nothing much to say. I usually buy at costco but the convenience of the free delivery was the decision breaker this time.
3	These batteries are just adequate not super strong as advertised.
3	I haven't done any scientific research on how long these last compared to other batteries, I can only give you my layman's experience. I use the exact same amount of battery usage every day and have tried pretty much every brand of battery (I don't hear that well so I wear headphones for my television and I wear them the same number of hours per day).The AmazonBasics batteries don't last nearly as long as any other battery. My headphones start getting fuzzy about twelve hours earlier than they normally would with any other the batteries I've ever used. I went through this package a week earlier than I would a 24-pack of either Duracell or Energizer. In some usages this might not matter but for me, it just wasn't worth it to buy these.
3	Great for small gadgets and remotes. Don't expect to run anythinh more. Could handle a set of battery power hair clippers.
3	I bought these but will not reorder. They work but seem to go flat rather quickly.
3	do not seem to last as long as other batteries
3	Loved the price but I found myself replacing them more quickly in items like the wall clocks and the remote controls. I like having a box of replacement batteries on hand in the house so these are fine for emergencies but I might want to invest in a brand that lasts a bit longer for things like smoke detectors or flashlights.
3	The life of these batteries is shorter than name brand.
3	Cheap AAA batteries. Really shouldnt expect much, just wish they would last as long as comparably priced batteries. I use them for the light i wear on my head at work. Typical AAAs last 6-8 hours constant use, these last about 3-4.
3	Good knob. Looks good. Logo faded/wore off in a few months though... logo is kinda why I bought this, so..........
3	These batteries last a long time and does not leak even after it runs out of juice. I use these to power my remotes and nightlights and have not experienced any problem whatsoever with it.
3	Love these BUT 2 of the 4 packages were NIT warm lights. They are really super bright cold white. Can't use them.
3	I purchased these on 3/24/16 and last week I used a pair on a wireless keyboard. Within 1 hour my keyboard was blinking the low battery sign. I replaced the batteries with two new ones and the light blinked again within half an hour.My keyboard isn't the problem because I ended up using Eneloop AAA batteries and it worked fine the rest of the day.
3	Do not last as long as Copper Top!
3	Jury still out. Only recently used a couple.
3	I'm not sure these are lasting as long as more well-known brands. Maybe I just got a bad batch. Not sure.
3	They don't last super long
3	They are ok - I haven't had any arrive DOA, but they really don't seem to work for very long. In an Xbox One controller, they last about half the time that a set of duracells would. I don't think they're terrible, but I doubt I'll buy them again. You can frequently catch Duracells on Newegg at about 30 per 100. Yes, it's a bit more than the amazon basics per battery, but you'll get a lot more usage out of each pair.
3	Only 32 batteries in the package when advertised as 36.
3	Just received them and trying them out. So far so good.
3	Batteries seem to work in some flashlights and not others. They are just okay. Other batteries that we have will work on all. Not impressed.
3	these apparently have been sitting around for some time, I used 2 in a TV remote and they were almost dead within just a few days. I exchanged the two for two more from the same pack, and again about 3-4 days later they were dead. hereafter I'll buy a name brand.
3	There ok, not as good as I would of liked for what I need them for. I would purchase again.Fast , good delivery.
3	I bought 20 and I used 9 in three Motorola Walkabouts radios.One the second use, after only two hours use on first, a battery failed. I was shocked at this. It made my Walkabout useless for the child-safety reason I bought it.Noqw I cannot trust the rest and I will use then in unimportant places like toys.
3	Run out of juice faster than Duracell or Energizers.
3	These are a good price. I don't feel they last very long. Perhaps they would be great in a remote or something that draws very little. I have them in my outdoor battery operated Christmas lights and I have had to replace them already (only 2 weeks of use). The name brand ones last all season.
3	They don't last as long as a Duracell but they are cheaper.
3	I'm a huge Amazon fan and I know the appeal here for most and me as well is the price but at the end of the day, you get what you pay for and these do not last anything near the better more expensive batteries out that. If it's easy to change batteries then this is the way to go but if you have something it's difficult or a pain or you just don't want to the hassle I would suggest spending more and getting the upper brands, and by that I mean the more expensive, most expensive of the batteries out there, they really do last longer. It's a shame because you know they have the ability to make batteries last longer, all companies, and yet they don't just so we'll come back and buy more
3	Great price but didn't last long at all.
3	Ok for general use, but does not last long.
3	I have a simple electronic keypad I use these batteries in. With the name brand I would go about 2 months. With the amazon brand i go 2 weeks. Not sure I am sold on this being an equivalent battery just yet.
3	My 8 pack batteries were NOT charged so if you are buying these for a trip or something be warned.
3	A great price, to be sure...but EVERY flameless candle I have put these into has been very dim. When I replaced with Duracell (and local grocery store brand as well) the candles are noticeably brighter. Don't think I'll be buying AmazonBasics batteries again soon -- which is a bummer. I have always been impressed with Amazon-brand products but these batteries are all that.
3	not so wonderful - I don't think these batteries last any longer than the ones I buy at the dollar stores.
3	Totally not convinced these are as good as name brands because I have had to replace several batteries way too soon.
3	Not sure about these yet. The question is whether the battery last long enough for the price that i paid for them. Will update later when i find out.
3	Not a bad price but after few times I realize these battery run out very fast. Amazon need to do better with that.
3	Some loss power fast, in a TV remote.
3	I'm not too thrilled with the life of these batteries. They don't seem to last as long as energizer does. And in some things, they aren't even strong enough to get rid of the 'dead battery' reading.
3	I used these in my Xbox controller. Hardly ever lasted more than 2-3 weeks if I play regularly on weekends and a couple weekdays.
3	These batteries are only OK. They don't last as long as Duracell and when they die, it's usually instantly. One moment they seem to work fine, the very next moment they are outputting half power. I would say that about half of these batteries just simply died while being used, no warning, no gradual loss of power, simply dead. They also seem to be marginally shorter than brand-name batteries, but to be honest, I haven't measured them. Suffice it to say I've decided that I would rather spend the few extra cents per battery on brand-name batteries. It's simply not worth the savings in my opinion. (I've had similar experience with Dollar Store batteries.)
3	Of the four used so far, two already lost charge, one so much as giving a negative read on a voltmeter.
3	Basic battery
3	How do I rate this I really can't tell because I am not going to test every single one of them!
3	I feel like they don't work as long.
3	Love the price but for me,they just don't seem to last as long as my other brand.
3	Price is good but I don't think these batteries perform as well as their peers. Reading reviews from actual electricians, I think they agree.I love Amazon products but wouldn't buy these again (unless they were more than half off their competitor's prices).
3	I have a digital charger that has been very effective at recharging alkaline batteries. I usually get two or three 90 charges from a quality battery before it starts to leak. These are fine for their original life, but none could handle a recharge. Yes, I know that's what all alkaline batteries advertise, but at this price, which is equivalent to what I pay for Maxell and others, I expected a more robust container.
3	I am a die hard Duracell and Energizer user for many years.. Truth is, these are good for normal use items, such as a tv remote, or other items that aren't on a constant drain. However, for long term uses on a day to day I still will stick with Duracell, but these are OK.
3	OK, good price but don't expect Duracell longevity.
3	I buy a lot of these. I don't think that the longevity is exceptional but they are inexpensive in bulk. Worry about recycle maybe need to consider rechargeables
3	They work
3	It seems the plus pole pins of these batteries are somewhat shorter than the poles of other brand batteries. The batteries didn't make contact in some of the devices I was planning to use them in.
3	The batteries are a good price but I am not sure how charged they are. They seem to run out faster than other batteries that I have used.
3	They seem to die pretty fast.
3	Okay if you're using for household use, I tried to use with my speedlites for photography and these ran out entirely too quickly.
3	On average, these batteries do not last as long as the Energizer. They cost less to buy, but overall, there isn't much saving.
3	Works like a charm.Some batteries were already dead/not charged at the factory.When they are being used they carry a acceptable long charge
3	Not quite the performance I would expect from a product that Amazon puts it's name on. A bit dissapointed.
3	When I opened the pack and put them in a device, it already said battery low.
3	I needed some regular batteries to toss into random things where my rechargeables normally get lost and forgotten. Normally I prefer amazon's brand, but these white batteries were just not that great. Some of them barely worked. They were very inconsistent.
3	Quality seems good. I just wish the buttons lit up on the bagel and frozen buttons. Also, the slots aren't long enough or deep enough for a good sized bagel.
3	I think the price is really good for the amount. But I feel the battery life is not as long as my preferred choice of battery. Will go back to my original choice of batteries.Besides that I did not have any issues with them and they are perfectly good working batteries.
3	Haven't used many of them yet, but the two or three have have used seem to be fine.
3	I really wanted to love the Amazon AA batteries but they just are not durable enough for my usage. As a night time long distance runner, I have LED headlamps with a rear red flashing light that I use which require 3 AA batteries.I usually purchase Duracell or Energizer batteries in bulk and they have worked well. Rechargeable batteries are not very good in LED Headlamps so those are out.The problem with the Amazon batteries is that I get about 8 or 9 hours of strong light, then it really fades fast. The longest I have used the Amazon batteries is 11 hours and by then, the light is less than 40 brightness. The other issue I noticed with these batteries is that the front headlight will lightly flash in time with the rear light once the front brightness is reduced. When I test the batteries with a tester, they are only 1/2 way through the green range.Duracell and Energizers give me nearly 16 - 18 hours at full brightness and maybe 3 or 4 hours with 40. I have not seen the light flashing when the brightness drops on the these batteries. When I test the batteries after the light is reduced, they are in the yellow or red area.The Amazon Batteries give me two less than the Energizers and Duracells which is significant. I average 5 night time runs with the Duracells and Energizers and 2, sometimes 3 with Amazon Batteries.These may be perfect in remote controls and other static use devices, but if it has to drive a light or a motor, you may want to skip these.The light pictures show new, 5 and 9 hours.The 2nd light shows new and 4 hours.The battery tester shows new, 4, 8 and 11 hours.
3	Save your money, they don't last very long
3	Seems like quality varies. Some of the batts work great and las long and in the same device some fail quickly
3	Several if these were dead but majority are good
3	Cheap batteries, but they don't last long for me. I've been using them in my fire tv remote. I have to replace them every month. The batteries before these lasted for 6 months for comparison.
3	Noticed short life and not enough power for some items
3	They really don't last very long
3	Dont last very long
3	so so
3	Good price for batteries except it seems like they don't last near as long as name brand
3	these batteries are ok but do not seem to have much power over time compared to the copper top brand. bought them for game controllers, so the family seems go through them like water
3	My kids go thru a lot of batteries. These are good for the wii remote and other items that do not draw a huge power source but flash lights and the such seem to go thru them a lot faster.
3	Came with only 12 of the 36 batteries in the box. Someone can't count. Two previous orders came with all 36, which warrants a 3 rating overall I suppose.
3	Lots of batteries, but I am going through them pretty quickly. I will switch to a higher quality battery on my next order.
3	Bought AmazonBasics for all the new toys my kids were getting for Christmas, all of which have had to be replaced in the past couple months. Life of this battery isn't great.
3	The batteries are such a great deal but don't have the strength needed to run certain toys. We hve a snap circuit kit and it doesn't power it enough to make the fans fly. A little disappointed.
3	One of the batteries was dead right out of the package. The other three in the pack was fine.
3	The price was good, but we had some trouble with them working in a flashlight. They didn't connect right, and we couldn't get it to work. The flashlight worked with other batteries, though.
3	The price was great for these batteries but they don't last for very long. For some items they don't work at all. It's like they just don't have a lot of power. I will not be getting these again.
3	This battery is fine, but I purchased it because I thought it was rechargeable. Shame on me for not noticing, but I thought it looked just like the rechargeable ones I had purchased before. I bought it on Prime Day for about 6, so I thought I was just getting a great deal.Disappointing. I don't normally buy regular batteries, as we go thought them like water in all of our Thomas trains and other toys. I wish I had noticed the difference.
3	These are OK for the price. I have an LED string of dewdrop lights I bought from Amazon and these batteries will last for 3-4 days of it on 24/7 but the Costco Kirkland brand batteries will last 2 weeks being lit 24/7.
3	These batteries are okay they don't seem to last as long as brand name batteries, but you can't beat the price for these.
3	These batteries have a short life compared to other alkaline batteries that we use. They are definitely basic batteries. I will not order these again.
3	...not even in a mouse, where I've already had to replace the batteries in less than three months, where premium brand batteries last the best part of a year or more.I thought these would be a bargain given the price. But the life is so short there is no benefit or savings. I won't buy these again.
3	These were at a great price point didn't last anywhere near as long as I thought they would. For the little bit more I would get the Duracell or Enegizer ones.
3	They are good batteries for the price but I find I have to change the batteries in my kid's toys more often than I did with duracell. Because of the price I would still buy them again, but if it's something you don't want to be swapping the batteries on all the time, I would go for a different battery.
3	They are OK but not nearly as good as other batteries. They die far more quickly than other name brands. For example, I've changed the battery on my mouse three four times in just a few months already verses prior Durecell batteries that I changed maybe once a year. Several other things such as wireless Apple keyboard, remotes, etc., similar results, e.g., batteries wore out in a third or fourth of the time of Durecell. I won't buy them again. Discount not worth it. Result of purchase has been net negative.
3	They are okay. I thought by the reviews they would last longer but I'm only getting a little life out of them.
3	Their regular batteries, what else can I say about 'em.
3	These do not last long. I will stick to Kirkland or Duracell from now on. I usually change my mouse battery once a year, and since I started using these, it is every other month. Disappointing.
3	It's a great price but the batteries do not last long at all!
3	They don't really last that long.. I had them in my mouse I blew through them really quickly. I wouldn't buy them again.
3	These are okay. I use them mostly in my Xbox controller, they runout pretty quick. They are fine but I am looking into getting a rechargeable battery pack for it because I hate having my controller die mid game.
3	This is my second time purchasing these Amazon AA batteries, the first purchase the batteries were great. I'm currently using them in LED lights for decoration and the first set I purchased would last burning 8 hours per day for a couple of weeks, however these new performance batteries noticeably dim after 3 or 4 days of burning.
3	they work
3	They work and they're cheap, but Duracell lasts longer.
3	I almost reviewed these right when I got them, which was around October 6, 2015. It is now November 9th - just put 12 of these in four separate Hallmark Christmas figurines that each operate on three AAA batteries. Two stopped working within an hour and when I put new batteries in them, they worked fine - I think these just don't last and are not the best batteries. Just fyi. I am going to order some separate AAA batteries as I don't think these are great quality.
3	They're AAA batteries
3	They're the same size as the batteries they replaced. Who knows if they last longer, have more power than others until they go dead Who remembers to come back and post that these batteries worked for one day more or less than the last set you had They're batteries, and they looked like they were cheap to me. If they melt a remote control or something, I'll try to remember to come back and letchall know.
3	These Amazon brand batteries don't seem to last quite as long as the top brands do. They're not bad, but they don't seem to have the long-lasting quality. For the price they're okay, but I think I'll stick with top brands in the future. We go through a lot of the AA variety batteries and even more of these. Again, not bad but...
3	1
3	A lot of batteries for the good price. But they don't last too long.
3	all Satisfactory
3	As good as any other battery
3	Average at best
3	Bargin.
3	Basic quality
3	Batteries Didn't Last Long
3	Batteries die extremely quick
3	Batteries die fast
3	Batteries don't last long at all.
3	Batteries don't last very long
3	Batteries seem to die quickly.
3	Batteries. They work.
3	battery drains out fast, unlike duracell
3	Battery's charge ran out very quickly.
3	Bought as a gift to go with the vibrator.
3	Brand names are better. These were not very long lasting. You get what you pay for.
3	Brought wrong size for the walkie talkies i purchased..but can find use for them
3	Came as expected. Haven't tested life expectancy yet
3	Can not tell the difference between these batteries and the name brands
3	Cheap and convenient.
3	Decent batteries but do not seem to last that long in electronics
3	Definitely are inexpensive, but we seem to go through them very, very fast. So... not sure.
3	Did not last
3	Didn't last as long as I would have liked
3	Does not have same charge as top brands. Caveat emptor.
3	Does not last long
3	does not last too long
3	Does not seem to last as long as other batteries in low drain appliances/toys.
3	Does not work cery well in Apple wireless mouse
3	Doesn't hold the strength of Duracell, etc.
3	doesn't last as long as say duracel.
3	Doesn't last long at all
3	Doesn't really last long.
3	Don't last as long as Duracells.
3	don't last as long as the brand name
3	Don't last very long.
3	don't seem to last as long as other brands.
3	Find these batteries have to be replaced more frequently than other bands when used in the same application/device.
3	fine
3	GOOD AS BRAND NAME
3	Good competition for the big boys.
3	Good deal for outdoor solar lights.
3	Good price
3	good price and they are as good as the major brands
3	GOOD USE
3	Goog
3	Have not had the opportunity ti critique
3	Haven't use the batteries at this time and expect 5 star performance.
3	Haven't Used Yet........
3	I didn't feel like they lasted as long as other batteries
3	I don't feel Amazon brand batteries are as powerful as other brands.
3	I don't feel like they last as long as the name brand batteries.
3	I feel like we change the batteries more often with these.
3	I have not fully tested these AA batteries so I don't have them evaluated.
3	I haven,t had them long enough
3	I like how i got so many itd months later and i still got a pack left!!
3	i meant to order AA and not AAA.I shall reorder
3	I think it was recargable
3	I wouldnt say they are worse or better then name brand batteries. about the same
3	I'll be paying extra for energizers they last longer.
3	I'm super charged over the price of these batteries!!!!
3	Inexpensive but doesn't last long.
3	It is ok
3	It's a battery...
3	its okay
3	Just normal batteries a little higher priced than I could get elsewhere
3	Lasted half the time as duracell in the same product
3	Lots of batteries. Not a lot of battery life.
3	love it
3	lower value as they last about one hour but good for a flash light
3	Made in the USA would make this a 5 star
3	maybe it's just me... but they don't seem to last very long
3	Meh, they work, wud gladly pay more for USA made tho!
3	Needed them in a hurry - don't last that long.
3	Not as strong and not lasting long enough as the major brands.
3	Not bad i guess
3	not crazy about these batteries. don't last as long as others for same time period
3	not dead
3	Not sure. have not fully tested the performance of this item.
3	not the longest lasting batteries. but they're batteries... we've gone through the package really quickly.
3	Nothing special, just alkaline disposable AA batteries at fair price.
3	ok
3	Ok
3	OK for AAA needs
3	okay
3	Okay, but do not last long.
3	Only reason is I meant to get AAA not AA :(
3	poor quality short life cannot recharge
3	Put in my mouse for just 3 days. Power is off again.
3	Runs out fast
3	Runs out of power fast.
3	Seems as good as Duracell but can't really tell.
3	Seems like it doesn't last as long as other battery brands.
3	seems to not last very long, curious.
3	Seems to work well
3	served there purpose during christmas. not the longest life
3	So far they have worked well. I do not know how to compare them on quality yet.
3	Some don't last as long as I hoped.
3	Some work, some don't.
3	The don't last as long as I'd hoped.
3	The sound quality could be better. It's cute though...
3	There ok.
3	these are not comparable to Duracell, but it's cheap
3	These batteries discharge fairly quickly. But okay for the price
3	These batteries don't seem to last as long as others. I would not call them performance, just cheap.
3	These batteries have a tendency to leak inside of devices and cause damage rendering them in operable
3	These batteries just don't seem to last as long as Everready batteries.
3	These didn't last very long.
3	These do not last very long at all.
3	These don't work for any decent amount of time! Stick with the name brand
3	they ARE BATTERIES get real
3	They die pretty quickly.
3	they DO NOT last as long as Duracell or Energizer.
3	They do not last as long as other batteries. :( Not very impressed...
3	They don't have as much juice as other name brand batteries but they will get the job done.
3	THEY DON'T LAST AS LONG AS EVEREADY OR DURACEL.
3	They don't last long.
3	They don't last very long.
3	They don't really last to long. But for the price....
3	They dont last long but they are cheap
3	They have a short shelf life
3	they have to b changed alot but it good for remotes or clocks low power products
3	They last less than your average alkaline batteries.
3	They ran out of energy very quick but it's a deal
3	They run out of juice fast.
3	They seem to die faster than most batteries.
3	They work a bit better compared to big chain generic batteries
3	They're batteries
3	They're batteries.
3	They're batteries. They work.
3	They're just batteries like advertised
3	This is OK purchased as battery does not last long with cost paid.
3	Use them on my outdoor solar lights. They lasted 2 weeks and they stopped working.
3	Very weak batteries.
3	Was kind of disappointed they are made in China when US-sourced batteries are readily available.
3	we'll see how they hold up
3	Weird but some didn't last long as they should
3	Worked great.
3	Works
3	Works for what we needed.
3	works like any another.
3	Decent batteries, though they don't last like the big name brands.
3	These batteries are ok, i've already had to replace them in my wireless keyboard, which had previously lasted 6 months on el cheapos from harbor freight.
3	but do last longer than Duracell
3	do not last as long as energizer...very comparable to toys r us batteries
3	These batteries work. They don't last as long as I'd like but they do work fine. They came in frustration free packaging that I ended up needing scissors to open because they batteries come shrink wrapped in a little box and getting the plastic off of the batteries was NOT frustration free. So, three stars because they work but aren't great. I will probably not re-order these.
3	Work great in some devices but not some (like some brands of cordless mouse). Still, a good value for many uses.
3	ok for the price
3	Update 6/16/17: Purchased product again and they are working in the devices that they did not work in prior. Also, I believe the batteries are lasting longer than the batteries I purchased prior (maybe fresher... )When they work, they work great. I have a number of 'devices' that for whatever reason, they do not power up with these batteries. I can replace with a non AmazonBasics battery and it starts working. I do not see any difference in length, circumference,etc so not sure what is going on. With that said, they work great in this devices where there is not a compatibility problem.
3	Don't last long in my remote or the bathroom toilet light, which rarely comes on but is used every night.But then again, ALL batteries don't seem to last as long as they used to. So comparatively to Duracel, they're worth the .
3	Great durability and long lasting at portion of price
3	Yep
3	At first we were completely happy with the Amazon Basics line of batteries. Reasonably priced and what we thought was good quality. Well, after a couple months of use in one of our daughters toys, two out of the three batteries that were in the device burst. This is nothing I have experienced with Duracell or Energizer. Will be switching back to Duracell Procell.
3	These are okay. They aren't as long-lasting as name brands so in the end, I'm probably not saving money using these. That said, I like how they are packaged so they take up little space and we only have to open a 4 pack each time while still having plenty on hand. This beats the big packages of the name brands where the left over batteries end up falling out of the package and scatter in the drawer.
3	These batteries are good for the remote or other things that arent using constant power. Ive burned through a lot of these quickly with electronics that require energy for extended use. The jurys still out on whether its better to buy a smaller pack of higher quality batteries or this pack theyre both basically the same price.
3	Not the best.
3	You can't beat the price, but I've had some of these batteries just die on me after less than a month of use.
3	The price and packaging on these batteries is wonderful, but the use-life is not. A pair of these, fresh out of the box, did not last 30 days in my Bluetooth mouse. I have gotten better results with rechargeables, and that is saying something.
3	Packaging warning. The batteries are fine but the batteries themselves come pre-wrapped in groups of four! Every time you need more than four or if you're just going to split up some sets, you have to open a new group of four, and they come wrapped in that horribly annoying cellophane like substance that is hard to remove it must be terrible for the environment.
3	Doesn't seem to last as long in some devices as other brands but good for the cost.
3	Sorry to say I've been disappointed with these. They didn't last as long in my remotes and RC transmitters as even other store brand alkaline batteries.
3	a good stock pile of batteries for a decent price. do not last as long as the 'name brands' but for the money, they are ok
3	As expected from Amazon, there were no problems with the ordering and delivery process. So far I have installed several batteries, but it's too soon to tell how long they are going to last.
3	I am disappointed in length of battery life.
3	I used these batteries in one of my game cameras, but the life of theAmazon Basic battery did not last as long compared to name brand batteries. I really don't believe they are worth the savings when the Basics probably didn't take half the pictures in the game camera as Duracell. I will use these batteries in remote and my kids toys.
3	Didn't seem to last as long as the standard USA name brands
3	Everything was fine except a few of the batteries brand new out of the pack I purchased a couple weeks prior were corroded with battery acid seeping out.
3	Batteries did not last anywhere near the length of the Duracell that we purchased. Did a side by side test and the Amazon batteries were down to 50 to where the Duracell batteries were still at 99. Will do some more testing to make sure the test were equal. We bought two new trail cameras and we put one set of Amazon's batteries in one camera and one set of the duracell batteries in the other. We will now switch the batteries in the cameras for the same time frame and see what the end result is.
3	I've had my Thea for three months so far and it is amazing except for some recent issues. The problem is now it's breaking (after only three months) and I have no clue why. It won't charge anymore and it isn't vibrating on full power. I'm hoping that Nymph will send me a replacement considering the lifetime guarantee. I'm kind of upset at how fast it broke though, despite how good of a condition I tried to keep it in.
3	I use them for Xbox one controllers, 2 batteries last maybe 2 weeks in my controller, but you get a good amount in the box. Might just look into rechargeable batteries. Tv remotes last longer obviously. 48 batteries for 12 was an easy sell though for me
3	I find they do not last as long as Energizer or Duracell.
3	Well this is my second order of batteries thru Amazon and both the energizer and these are not as good as the ones from the store
3	cheap battery power but they don't last well
3	Battery drains quite quickly when left inside several other products I had when unused. Not sure if its cheaper than the store, but the quality is not as good as Duracell if I remember correctly. Other than that, getting it as an add on item is great because it allows me to use my products right when I get them without having to worry about making a quick trip to the store
3	Not really the greatest
3	Two of the batteries were already dead. The rest work fine.
3	They die pretty quick in certain items. But decent price. Nice packaging though. I'd probably buy again just for remotes smaller items.
3	Ordered on accident when I had searched for RECHARGEABLE batteries. Not happy. I will be less free about ordering on Amazon from now on. My fault, but it made my put up my guard.
3	Additional info now a couple of months later... We were very disappointed in these batteries as they did not last long at all. We put one in a regular kitchen clock and within 1 week, the time was off by 20 minutes. Put them in a different clock, same results, time was off by 10 minutes within a few days, put them in a battery op shaver, which the other brands most of the time last at least a month, these lasted about a week. Even a small weather station about a week until the time was wrong. Got the 20 pack, not sure if it was a bad batch but we do not recommend these batteries and wont buy them again. Store brands and Rayovac last much longer. Original review below, still stands as easy opening but did edit to say how disappointed we are.Amazon basics AA batteries EASY OPEN packaging is FABULOUS, no cut fingers on sharp plastic packaging and no need for scissors, opened like a dream.... GREAT IDEA!!! Haven't had them long enough to see how long lasting they are.
3	Medium durability. Gonna buy Duracell in future. Do you have great quality rechargeables
3	They are ok batteries. I use them on my remotes and have to switch out frequently.
3	These are priced nice but don't last long
3	I like that these batteries are cheaper but they don't last as long as I'd like. We will continue to buy them though because of the price.
3	Don't last quite as long, but DAMN, you can buy three times as many as leading batteries. For our office staff, very worth it.
3	I didn't expect them to be as good as duracell or energizer, but they only lasted a few weeks in my clock.
3	DON'T RECHARGE THEM LIKE SERIOUSLY DON'T!!!! they work good and last but not for to long and when two of them died i decided to recharge them and it leaked all over my battery charger. my brother took a few and i had no idea he charged a few without a problem and he didn't get his stuff ruined but i did. So if I were you, don't charge them
3	Duracell batteries last longer than these.
3	Does not last as long as name brands such as Duracell and Energizer.
3	Their batteries
3	For some reason none of these batteries worked. Not sure what was wrong this time. I've bought them before and had no problems. Luckily amazon took it back without a problem
3	Batteries seem like any other they work and seem to last
3	These are good if you're broke and just need to get by. They work, but like other reviewers are saying, they don't last as long as other brands or rechargeable batteries. If you have the money, invest in batteries that last longer and tax the environment less.
3	They're cheap for a reason - they don't last nearly as long as Energizer or Duracell's from what I've noticed.
3	so far they are work well, however have had them long enough to determine if how long they last compared to duracell batteries.
3	I had such a good experience with Amazon D batteries that I ordered some of their 2A batteries. The 2A batteries seemed much weaker out of the box. When I changed out a pair in my clock today, they had leaked and were stuck together. Making it difficult to remove them. I looked at the packaging for the new ones and noticed that they were made in Indonesia. After reading the reviews, it seems like it may be a matter of luck whether you get really good batteries for the price or really bad batteries at any price. I like to play blackjack so I will probably order one more time to see how lucky I get.
3	Not tested so I'm not sure of quality
3	These are a great price but they don't seem to last as long as you would expect. Also I have found some are already dead upon arrival.
3	they seem a bit hit-or-miss...had a few kinda crap out pretty quickly (way too quickly) on me when used in my young son's toys
3	Great value for kid's toys, but they don't have the longevity of Duracells by any stretch. Definitely worth buying if you need a lot of batteries for cheap to top off all the noisemakers and remotes in your house, but I wouldn't throw them in flashlights or other higher-drain devices.
3	They are packaged by 4s and the plastic is really hard to get off.
3	Not lasting very long. I read the reviews and expected better life out of these batteries. In comparison to Duracell they seem to last about 75 as long. I find that both the AA and AAA are sub-par in longevity. Perhaps that is the way I use them but I really expected more.
3	got it because of reviews. I really can't say they are any better than any other cheaper or more expensive brand. how can you rate it or check it. when your remotes stop working you put in new batteries.simple as that.
3	I bought the batteries because of good reviews. I checked the voltage on several of the batteries, and they were fine. I have not had the batteries in use long enough to comment further.
3	The batteries work but not well or for long for anything that requires a lot of power. I bought these for flame-less candles and they are perfect for that. But when I tried to use them in a child's toy they batteries died very quickly.
3	I use a headlamp at work all day and everyday. I decided to try these instead of the duracells that I normally use and they definently don't last nearly as long. I don't understand all the good reviews about these. I won't purchase again.
3	I mean..batteries They work.
3	I miss the bunny with the drum.
3	I like AmazonBasics products, so I was excited to see these batteries. To find out if they were a good value, I looked up data online. Bottom line:-- For flashlights, toys, and steady drain devices, you'll be better off buying Rayovac Alkalines here on Amazon.-- For cameras and photo flashes, Duracell Coppertops will be better.Here's why: Rayovacs cost a little bit more per battery, but they hold more energy than these AmazonBasics batteries. As a result, the final price per amount of power is about the same. You just won't have to change batteries as often.Those Rayovacs work best in steady drain devices, but not so well in cameras or flashes. For those high drain devices, Duracell Coppertops hold up better and end up being cheaper.Battery Ninja tested these AmazonBasics AA's in toothbrushes I did some calculations and found that these batteries offer a reasonable price per unit of power (mWh), but that they do not carry as much energy as others. The test results show that these batteries will run out faster than others, at least in the toothbrushes. There were no test results vs. digital cameras, photo flashes, or toys, so I'm extrapolating that these will perform like Rayovacs, not like Duracell Coppertops.So, the only data to compare here is the toothbrush test. For energy delivered, these AmazonBasics batteries cost about the same as Rayovac batteries but will die sooner. To say that another way, these batteries cost less, but also deliver less power.Both Rayovac and Amazon Basics are better than Energizer batteries, which appear to consistently give less power and still cost more. I guess the money goes to the Energizer Bunny.Duracell Coppertops will last longer in flashlights, toys, and toothbrushes, but cost a little bit more per unit of power (mWh). On the other hand, they hold up better in cameras and similar electronics. They're probably the best all around battery. So, if you don't like changing batteries and a willing to spend a tiny bit more, Coppertops are a good way to go.Finally, the best value battery is interesting: it is the Costco Kirkland Signature. Battery Ninja's results show that and so do the tests from Consumer Reports. You can buy those Costco batteries here on Amazon, but the price is higher than you'd get at the club. Of course, I'm not a Costco member, so it doesn't matter to me... but buying them here on Amazon is not a good value.
3	I mean, it's a crap ton of batteries for a decent price. They just die quickly.
3	Its OK. Not much life in the batteries.
3	These batteries are just a tiny bit too short to work in every AAA device. Beware.
3	Pro: Relatively inexpensive, although I did end up waiting almost two weeks for delivery.Cons: High drop-out rate. They come in packs of four when used in Nikon cameras it's not uncommon to find after an hour of use that three of the cells have dropped to 1.48V while the fourth has dropped to...1.2V. They come out of the box within a hundredth of a volt of each other, so I'm guessing that either the electrochemistry is highly variable from cell to cell or there's a interesting failure mode under load.
3	Yes life short, that's right
3	Good knob. Looks good. Logo faded/wore off in a few months though... logo is kinda why I bought this, so..........
3	These are decent cheap batteries but they don't last as long as Eveready Or Duracell or Rayovac. they really are only good enough for remotes and the like. I don't like to use them in anything else.
3	These do not last nearly as long as a name brand battery. So considering the cost/benefit, i'm not really sure if they are any better
3	Bought these on Amazon for a good price, but they just don't seem to last very long. The packaging and batteries look nice. None of them leaked, but that could be because I went through them so fast.
3	Batteries seem to work in some flashlights and not others. They are just okay. Other batteries that we have will work on all. Not impressed.
3	There ok, not as good as I would of liked for what I need them for. I would purchase again.Fast , good delivery.
3	I bought 20 and I used 9 in three Motorola Walkabouts radios.One the second use, after only two hours use on first, a battery failed. I was shocked at this. It made my Walkabout useless for the child-safety reason I bought it.Noqw I cannot trust the rest and I will use then in unimportant places like toys.
3	Run out of juice faster than Duracell or Energizers.
3	Totally not convinced these are as good as name brands because I have had to replace several batteries way too soon.
3	Definitely not Duracell, but it gets the job done. Last for a while, but died sooner than expected.
3	These batteries are only OK. They don't last as long as Duracell and when they die, it's usually instantly. One moment they seem to work fine, the very next moment they are outputting half power. I would say that about half of these batteries just simply died while being used, no warning, no gradual loss of power, simply dead. They also seem to be marginally shorter than brand-name batteries, but to be honest, I haven't measured them. Suffice it to say I've decided that I would rather spend the few extra cents per battery on brand-name batteries. It's simply not worth the savings in my opinion. (I've had similar experience with Dollar Store batteries.)
3	Just ok
3	How do I rate this I really can't tell because I am not going to test every single one of them!
3	not what I was looking for but they are ok.
3	Pretty good but the batteries do get used up fairly quickly. I use them for wireless mics and they last for maybe 5 or 6 hours TOPS. I need to compare them with Duracell to really get an idea of their quality.
3	I have a digital charger that has been very effective at recharging alkaline batteries. I usually get two or three 90 charges from a quality battery before it starts to leak. These are fine for their original life, but none could handle a recharge. Yes, I know that's what all alkaline batteries advertise, but at this price, which is equivalent to what I pay for Maxell and others, I expected a more robust container.
3	I am a die hard Duracell and Energizer user for many years.. Truth is, these are good for normal use items, such as a tv remote, or other items that aren't on a constant drain. However, for long term uses on a day to day I still will stick with Duracell, but these are OK.
3	I recently bought these to use in my Streamlight Microstream flashlight. I've carried one every day for the past 4 years and I love them. I say them because I'm on my 6th one maybe. It's my fault, really. I lose them very easily for some reason. Anyway, these batteries are average at best. I generally get copper tops or energizers and was looking for an economical equivalent. This isn't it. I find myself replacing the battery in my flashlight more often than I used to. These batteries might be ok for your tv remote or battery powered clock but I'd pass if you need them for anything you rely on.
3	The batteries are a good price but I am not sure how charged they are. They seem to run out faster than other batteries that I have used.
3	These are different than the ones pictured. Are these performance ones also
3	These batteries are nothing special. They do the job, probably not as good as some name brands but good enough for my wireless trackball.
3	I'm not entirely pleased with Amazon's batteries. It seems to me that these have been dying faster than the bulk pack I got at Costco long back (which lasted a long time!). I don't think I'll get these again, I'm returning to the name brands at Costoco once these are used up (and they are getting used up at a rapid pace).
3	Seems to be a good product. not sure they have a very long life.
3	One of my 48 batteries arrived with what looks like a leak. The rest look fine so I'll just keep them. Otherwise these batteries work just fine.
3	They really don't last very long
3	Nice bag, however did not come with the shoulder strap, which is one of the main reasons I wanted this particular model.
3	I like these shoes but Altra needs to pay more attention to sizing. I normally wear US 7.5-8. The first pair of Superior 2.0s I ordered was size 8 and they were way too short. OK, I thought, they run short. I ordered a pair size 8.5 and they were just barely long enough.I ordered a second pair size 8.5 and they are visibly half an inch shorter than the first size 8.5 pair. That isn't running short, it's lack of quality control.I really like these shoes, so I am ordering size 9's. But I do not have any warm feelings about Altra.
3	Trst
3	I like AmazonBasics products, so I was excited to see these batteries. To find out if they were a good value, I looked up data online. Bottom line:-- For flashlights, toys, and steady drain devices, you'll be better off buying Rayovac Alkalines here on Amazon.-- For cameras and photo flashes, Duracell Coppertops will be better.Here's why: Rayovacs cost a little bit more per battery, but they hold more energy than these AmazonBasics batteries. As a result, the final price per amount of power is about the same. You just won't have to change batteries as often.Those Rayovacs work best in steady drain devices, but not so well in cameras or flashes. For those high drain devices, Duracell Coppertops hold up better and end up being cheaper.Battery Ninja tested these AmazonBasics AA's in toothbrushes I did some calculations and found that these batteries offer a reasonable price per unit of power (mWh), but that they do not carry as much energy as others. The test results show that these batteries will run out faster than others, at least in the toothbrushes. There were no test results vs. digital cameras, photo flashes, or toys, so I'm extrapolating that these will perform like Rayovacs, not like Duracell Coppertops.So, the only data to compare here is the toothbrush test. For energy delivered, these AmazonBasics batteries cost about the same as Rayovac batteries but will die sooner. To say that another way, these batteries cost less, but also deliver less power.Both Rayovac and Amazon Basics are better than Energizer batteries, which appear to consistently give less power and still cost more. I guess the money goes to the Energizer Bunny.Duracell Coppertops will last longer in flashlights, toys, and toothbrushes, but cost a little bit more per unit of power (mWh). On the other hand, they hold up better in cameras and similar electronics. They're probably the best all around battery. So, if you don't like changing batteries and a willing to spend a tiny bit more, Coppertops are a good way to go.Finally, the best value battery is interesting: it is the Costco Kirkland Signature. Battery Ninja's results show that and so do the tests from Consumer Reports. You can buy those Costco batteries here on Amazon, but the price is higher than you'd get at the club. Of course, I'm not a Costco member, so it doesn't matter to me... but buying them here on Amazon is not a good value.
3	The batteries are such a great deal but don't have the strength needed to run certain toys. We hve a snap circuit kit and it doesn't power it enough to make the fans fly. A little disappointed.
3	This battery is fine, but I purchased it because I thought it was rechargeable. Shame on me for not noticing, but I thought it looked just like the rechargeable ones I had purchased before. I bought it on Prime Day for about 6, so I thought I was just getting a great deal.Disappointing. I don't normally buy regular batteries, as we go thought them like water in all of our Thomas trains and other toys. I wish I had noticed the difference.
3	These are OK for the price. I have an LED string of dewdrop lights I bought from Amazon and these batteries will last for 3-4 days of it on 24/7 but the Costco Kirkland brand batteries will last 2 weeks being lit 24/7.
3	Ours did not last nearly as long as energizer or Duracell in our sons toys. No real data to prove this other than we went through batteries like they were candy until I restocked with energizer.
3	These do not last long. I will stick to Kirkland or Duracell from now on. I usually change my mouse battery once a year, and since I started using these, it is every other month. Disappointing.
3	They seem to not last as long as other brands. Great Price though
3	This is my second time purchasing these Amazon AA batteries, the first purchase the batteries were great. I'm currently using them in LED lights for decoration and the first set I purchased would last burning 8 hours per day for a couple of weeks, however these new performance batteries noticeably dim after 3 or 4 days of burning.
3	I almost reviewed these right when I got them, which was around October 6, 2015. It is now November 9th - just put 12 of these in four separate Hallmark Christmas figurines that each operate on three AAA batteries. Two stopped working within an hour and when I put new batteries in them, they worked fine - I think these just don't last and are not the best batteries. Just fyi. I am going to order some separate AAA batteries as I don't think these are great quality.
3	They're the same size as the batteries they replaced. Who knows if they last longer, have more power than others until they go dead Who remembers to come back and post that these batteries worked for one day more or less than the last set you had They're batteries, and they looked like they were cheap to me. If they melt a remote control or something, I'll try to remember to come back and letchall know.
3	These Amazon brand batteries don't seem to last quite as long as the top brands do. They're not bad, but they don't seem to have the long-lasting quality. For the price they're okay, but I think I'll stick with top brands in the future. We go through a lot of the AA variety batteries and even more of these. Again, not bad but...
3	They don't seem to last long
3	A lot of batteries for the good price. But they don't last too long.
3	as expected.
3	Batteries Didn't Last Long
3	Batteries seem to die quickly.
3	battery drains out fast, unlike duracell
3	Battery's charge ran out very quickly.
3	Bought as a gift to go with the vibrator.
3	Brought wrong size for the walkie talkies i purchased..but can find use for them
3	Cheap and convenient.
3	Definitely are inexpensive, but we seem to go through them very, very fast. So... not sure.
3	Does not have same charge as top brands. Caveat emptor.
3	Does not last long
3	Doesn't hold the strength of Duracell, etc.
3	Doesn't last long at all
3	doesn't last very long
3	Don't last as long as Duracells.
3	Excellent price but DEFINITELY didn't last as long as popular/known brands.
3	fine
3	Good deal for outdoor solar lights.
3	Good: but don't seem to last as long as major brands
3	Great price for the quantity but it seems they don't last as long as the major brands.
3	Have not had the opportunity ti critique
3	I have not fully tested these AA batteries so I don't have them evaluated.
3	I like how i got so many itd months later and i still got a pack left!!
3	i meant to order AA and not AAA.I shall reorder
3	I think it was recargable
3	I wouldnt say they are worse or better then name brand batteries. about the same
3	I'll be paying extra for energizers they last longer.
3	I'm super charged over the price of these batteries!!!!
3	Inexpensive! But they die quickly.
3	It's a battery...
3	Lasted half the time as duracell in the same product
3	love it
3	lower value as they last about one hour but good for a flash light
3	Made in the USA would make this a 5 star
3	maybe it's just me... but they don't seem to last very long
3	Needed them in a hurry - don't last that long.
3	Nice value, average life.
3	Not all that long life.
3	not as good as the higher quality batteries would not buy again
3	not much better than the dollar store brand
3	nothing bad to say but I can get others for cheaper price.
3	ok
3	ok
3	ok
3	OK for AAA needs
3	Ok. Worth the price paid.
3	Only reason is I meant to get AAA not AA :(
3	Put in my mouse for just 3 days. Power is off again.
3	Seem to discharge quickly
3	So far they have worked well. I do not know how to compare them on quality yet.
3	sticking to longer life energizers
3	The battery life was not as long as Duracell and energizer.
3	these are not comparable to Duracell, but it's cheap
3	These batteries are reasonably priced but I found they do not last as long as other batteries
3	These batteries just don't seem to last as long as Everready batteries.
3	These didn't last very long.
3	These don't seem to hold a charge as well as the major brands.
3	They didnt last as long as duracells
3	They do not last long.
3	They don't charge after 3 or 4 uses.
3	They hold there charge!
3	They ran out of energy very quick but it's a deal
3	they seem to have a very short life span. do not think i would buy again.
3	they work but I wish they were USA made
3	They're batteries.
3	TV Clicker about 2 months
3	we'll see how they hold up
3	Weird but some didn't last long as they should
3	Worked great.
3	Works
3	works like any another.
3	Worth the price
3	you get what you pay for... they are not great
3	And I could have bought Energizer batteries. These are OK, but not a US company. Who knows what damage their manufacture is doing to the planet.
3	I use these in a three battery work light and probably 2-3 times per 48 one dies much more quickly than the others. I put them on a meter and 2 have 1.25v left but the third has around .75v. Frustrating, but I think they're still a good value
3	Amazon batteries are ok, they do not last as Duracell and i wish the have rechargeable ones , very disappointed!!
3	do not last as long as energizer...very comparable to toys r us batteries
3	Some of the batteries did not work well.
3	The price and packaging on these batteries is wonderful, but the use-life is not. A pair of these, fresh out of the box, did not last 30 days in my Bluetooth mouse. I have gotten better results with rechargeables, and that is saying something.
3	Packaging warning. The batteries are fine but the batteries themselves come pre-wrapped in groups of four! Every time you need more than four or if you're just going to split up some sets, you have to open a new group of four, and they come wrapped in that horribly annoying cellophane like substance that is hard to remove it must be terrible for the environment.
3	If you're looking for something to keep your laptop cool, this will do the trick. Although only bad things are, it isn't comfortable sitting on your lap as the metal just isn't awesome. The rivets where you rest your hands are welded things and they're uncomfortable as they dig into your hands when trying to type or even resting your hands. Wouldn't recommend..
3	Too small for 17 he envy very tight fit. Otherwise great product
3	Too many zippers IMO. Good quality, but the zippers frequently get caught making it slightly annoying to open.
3	This bag does not fit my 17-inch laptop, although mine is a little bigger than many. You would need a relatively thin 17-inch laptop to make this work. Also, as some other reviewers described, it has a cheap-feeling inner lining. I also do not like that the zippers for the main pocket do not extend toward the base farther, so this does not open as wide as I would like. It will get the job done and serves as a replacement for my previous backpack, which was falling apart, but I do not think I would really recommend it to anyone.
3	There's a lot of space with the Amazon Basics laptop and a number of great compartments, but the material it's made from feels kind of stiff and inexpensive. I was impressed at how much I could get into this backpack, but once it was packed it felt very big and bulky. My normal backpack is a smaller one from Timberline which has less compartments but seems to hold a great deal of stuff and not feel nearly as bulky as this one.
3	Pros- Feels Light weight even when stuffed fully. Perfect no. of compartments.Cons - Poor zipper quality, side ouch for water container is small.
3	Zipper on front kept coming apart. Since this opens to the base of the backpack, I almost lost an item. Double check this when you get it give it a few solid tugs
3	BETTER THAN NOTHING, But not as good as the CASE LOGIC: ELS-111 11 Chromebook/Surface 3 Sleeve. Fits the MacAir 11.6 perfect. The Amazon sleeve is simply neoprene, which snags and has so much friction, it doesn't easily slide in/out of my backpack. The Amazon quality is decent, but looks like a beer can cozy (koozie) compared to the CASE LOGIC. The CASE LOGIC IS NOT just NEOPRENE! It is highly protective, light, low density foam encased in canvas. It's more durable and slide in and out of my backpack better. Also the CASE LOGIC opens on two sides not just a slit on one side like the Amazon.(I bought both, and tried to return the AmazonBasics, yet Amazon was going to charge me 8.34 to send it back.. so i am keeping it.. Don't waste your time.. Don't make my mistake, buy the CASE LOGIC ELS-111 11 (note: last photo of Case Logic sleeve)
3	BETTER THAN NOTHING, But not as good as the CASE LOGIC: ELS-111 11 Chromebook/Surface 3 Sleeve. Fits the MacAir 11.6 perfect. The Amazon sleeve is simply neoprene, which snags and has so much friction, it doesn't easily slide in/out of my backpack. The Amazon quality is decent, but looks like a beer can cozy (koozie) compared to the CASE LOGIC. The CASE LOGIC IS NOT just NEOPRENE! It is highly protective, light, low density foam encased in canvas. It's more durable and slide in and out of my backpack better. Also the CASE LOGIC opens on two sides not just a slit on one side like the Amazon.(I bought both, and tried to return the AmazonBasics, yet Amazon was going to charge me 8.34 to send it back.. so i am keeping it.. Don't waste your time.. Don't make my mistake, buy the CASE LOGIC ELS-111 11 (note: last photo of Case Logic sleeve)
3	BETTER THAN NOTHING, But not as good as the CASE LOGIC: ELS-111 11 Chromebook/Surface 3 Sleeve. Fits the MacAir 11.6 perfect. The Amazon sleeve is simply neoprene, which snags and has so much friction, it doesn't easily slide in/out of my backpack. The Amazon quality is decent, but looks like a beer can cozy (koozie) compared to the CASE LOGIC. The CASE LOGIC IS NOT just NEOPRENE! It is highly protective, light, low density foam encased in canvas. It's more durable and slide in and out of my backpack better. Also the CASE LOGIC opens on two sides not just a slit on one side like the Amazon.(I bought both, and tried to return the AmazonBasics, yet Amazon was going to charge me 8.34 to send it back.. so i am keeping it.. Don't waste your time.. Don't make my mistake, buy the CASE LOGIC ELS-111 11 (note: last photo of Case Logic sleeve)
3	I have owned the product for about a month and it is as advertised. The case only opens about a third of the way. I have always had computer bags that opened fully. It it inconvenient to have to wrestle with the laptop trying to fit it through the small opening. I recommend spending few extra shekels and buy a case that fully opens.
3	Isn't the same as the picture.
3	I bought this because the package said it was a fast charger only to find it charges at normal speed... That was disappointing. I'm pretty sure I'm not doing anything wrong. It seems pretty self explanatory... :/
3	it does not charge any faster than regular charger.
3	Great sound, it needs to be a little more sophisticated in responding to inputs. For example, yesterday I told it to play Mexican music -- didn't know any, same with Mariachi Music. Could not play any, Odd,
3	Alexa works great, but the the sound quality of this speaker is terrible, your much better off with a echo dot and bose sound link mini set up.
3	Overall for an Alexa product it does the same thing as all the other ones. This one is specifically portable and only needs to be put on the base for charging. The one main issue is that it is not voice activated (meaning it does not listen to you unless you press any of the buttons on top or the mic button in front. By having this feature, I could see it causing excess battery usage. Needs to be able to apps better.
3	I bought one for myself and a couple as gifts, it's cute but still haven't figured out what's so great about it. I will say that it does pick up your voice throughout a huge room.
3	I bought this as a Christmas gift. I'm told that they are enjoying it and are very Happy with all it can do.
3	Great device I use it on a regular basis. good investment
3	I recommend this speaker Easy to work great sound
3	Great Speaker but I really don't need the features. I just need good sound and don't really use anything besides that
3	I was really excited for this speaker. Got it all hooked up to my echo and was ready to go. Then I listened to the music. It has no bass. If you want something the has a good range of sound, this isn't it. It is focused on treble only. No low end. I ended up getting the JBL Charge 3. Love it
3	Doesn't understand some commands or Questions,but good overall
3	I own an echo and the tap. The tap is slower to respond. If you haven't used the echo then you will like the tap.
3	Great sound..easy to connect..problem is.. its not voice activated..so u have to push the wake button anytime u need to use it..that means it has b close at hand...
3	Battery life is very long and the sound is surprisingly good. Alexa is not as 'smart' as the marketing would like you to think. I get a lot of 'I don't know the answer to that'
3	Nice portable speaker but wish the sound quality was better.
3	Amazon Tap.. got it on Black Friday sale.. But so far feel not as easy as I think to use.. But if you just use as Bluetooth speaker and sound is good.. Maybe just have to learn how to use it more..
3	I wouldn't buy it again...the software doesn't seem as well integrated with the hardware on this machine. I also have an Echo and I don't have the same connectivity issues with it that I do with this. I liked the features available with this...portability mainly with a long battery life, but with plagued by connectivity issues I can't say I would recommend it. I have looked at reviews online since purchasing and have discovered I am not the only one that feels this way. The sound, when it is connected and responding, is amazing.
3	You need to have amazon prime plus order a special music plan. Disappointing for sure. The sound is ok. I think the larger model is probably better.
3	The product works well. However, you have to hold down the button to use the best part of the device, Alexa. I really wanted to take it back because it can be a little annoying to hold down the button every time you have a question but the sound quality of this product is just so dog on awesome!!
3	If you want a Tap to make use of Amazon's Alexa voice services, then dont get one. The Tap is a fine enough Bluetooth speaker for wireless music, but the need to touch a button for voice services renders it far less valuable.
3	This product is ok, wasn't too impressed with the commercial was defiantly more interesting
3	Would buy the cheaper one than I bought.The echo is a better product
3	I returned it because I wanted better sound...opted for a bose soundlink. Decent speaker with nice amazon prime/Alexa features...just not the sound I was looking for.
3	It works about 50% of the time when asking it a question.
3	The Amazon Echo Tap is a nice & interesting device...but it did not fit my needs. I also have the Amazon Echo and absolutely love it. So what's the difference? A. You have to walk up the the Tap to touch it - this is not as convenient and not as fun as the talking to the Echo from across the room. B. The audio quality not very good - more like a small bluetooth speaker. C. The Tap is fine around the house when it's connected to the home wi-fi, but when you are out of the house it must connect to your cell phone or other wi-fi?? That is not going to work very well.
3	This product, while the speaker is great, fails to deliver with a voice interface. Use your cell phone or computer and buy an Echo Dot.
3	Having to press to talk steals the real thunder of what the amazon echo can do.
3	Much better than the echo dot. However, the fact that you have to touch the button to activate it instead of just talking to it is a bit annoying. Speaker is fairly powerful for its size.
3	When it works it's great but for some reason it doesn't always answer me When it doesn't answer me I turn off the tv and make sure no one else is talking and it still doesn't work at that time. It was easy to set up with the phone app. Doesn't seem to matter where the phone is when it isn't working. I've tried close and far and in between. So a case of great when it works and the pits when it doesn't
3	This was advertised as the latest version 8. My ignorance led me to its 79 price. I thought they were all Paperwite - as in just like white paper in a book. Bought it for my wife. I returned mine as a refused shipment and ordered the PaperWhite. It has a backlight, higher resolution, and for 20, worth it. Kindler 1
3	turning pages not as easy as the original ones
3	Clear reading in bright light outdoor settings. Long battery life.
3	The Kindle is great for just reading books, and the battery power is pretty good.The experimental browser is not very user friendly.
3	It is the top of the line e reader by amazon which is also the leader in e readers. The voyage is an excellent device and very versatile to carry on your trips. I feel the premium for the page turn sensors is little too high. In hindsight I would go with the paper white and save a few bucks.
3	My son truly loves his Kindle. He uses it everyday.
3	Ive had the 1st kindle so it took time to get used to no keyboard but love the built in light that has auto adjusting. The homepage isnt as friendly
3	I have a Paper White 1 and 2. Honestly it is difficult to justify double the price value. I certainly like most added features but not sure its worth the extra money. To note it operates great just not sure its worth an upgrade to the latest greatest.
3	"I replaced my older Kindle Keyboard, which is larger and heavier than this kindle. Page turning takes some getting used to - I keep touching screen and turning page by mistake. You're able to turn the ""side buttons"" page turning off, but can't turn the touchscreen page turning off - it sure would be nice to allow page turns only with the ""side buttons"" - I think this is a major design flaw. Also, the audio option seems to be missing - you can't have books read aloud to you anymore. Also, no 3G. I almost returned this, but didn't get around to it, so I'm stuck with it."
3	Was a Christmas gift and I ended up returning it because it wasn't exactly what I was looking for.
3	It has what i wanted click to turn page and that is the only reason i paid that price for it. there is nothing special about it. i thhought that the battery would last longer and as an avid reader it doesn't last long enough.
3	Replaced a v1 nook but this is not better for reading
3	Have had it for a while noe. A littlebit unusual to press so hard to change page but now starting to get used to it.
3	I was hoping to use Google launcher with this tablet but it is really locked down and you cannot change the launcher or the lock screen. Still cheap and fine for watching movies.
3	My father upgraded from the original Kindle Fire to this model, and he's very happy with it. It doesn't compete with more mainstream tablets, but he likes the Kindle's system for downloading library books.
3	Great value for the money. However, the operating system is a bit clunky. Constant notifications and messages to delete. Some can be turned off, other seem to just keep appearing. The reader app surprisingly is less than intuitive.
3	This is good for kids. Cheap enough that if they destroy it, you won't get upset
3	I bought this for my daughter. It was bundled with a solid bumper case and has a kid mode interface. She insisted on using her brother's iPad constantly. Not to say there is anything wrong with this product, it just wasn't for her.
3	Thought this would be perfect for my two children. The case, warranty and pass to download unlimited apps seemed great. However, the pad is sometimes unresponsive and inaccurate-which can be frustrating for children. The case is a little too bulky. And it can be confusing for children who want to push an icon to play but it instead downloads. There is a definite learning curve that they will overcome in time but it could be more user friendly for younger users.
3	Tablet stopped working after owning for two weeks. Came back on after an hour.
3	meh. it works. i find it difficult to navigate. i also have an ipad mini. this seems to be less intuitive than the ipad.
3	For the price it can't be beat. That being said I had to return mine after a week. I just couldn't get over the low resolution screen. It works well for movies and the Web, but I needed it to also show off my photos to others.
3	Though I have got it for cheap price during black friday, this Fire is not that great. Very bad camera and dim screen resolution. Pros:Install Google Play without any hassleVery good book reading option
3	This tablet is OK, sometimes it's kind of slow. Loads for a while before opening app. Storage has been good. 32 GB. I gave my son the freedom to download any game he wanted on prime time. And after 2 months he still has like 3gb left of space. Not recommend for kids over 10 years old. My son is 4 and sometimes he gets mad because tablet gets slow. Still good deal for 32gb, 1 year primetime for $80
3	upgraded my 3 year old kindle- same old. doesnt seem that great of a difference. the graphical interface still sucks but its decent for reading.
3	Battery doesn't last the up to 7 hours estimate. Didn't even last 4 hours one day. Watches video mostly but should last longer than that.
3	it has great durability, but lacks great sound. The picture quality is just ok
3	Best gift for Beginers. Less Price and enough speed and memory. Kids like it a lot.
3	This is the second Fire tablet that I have purchased. The first I returned in after I was not able to load YouTube onto the tablet. Amazon's take on Android was just to unfriendly to make it work. With this new tablet, Amazon has heard my concern and now I'm enjoying this tablet. It's well built for a sub-$100 device, but won't stand up to a lot of abuse.
3	I like this tablet. I had a nook, the fire has more memory, bigger screen and lower price. The downside? The Amazon Fire is so ridiculously proprietary that I cannot watch any of my movies on it from my nook. This is becoming industry standard. Too bad.
3	I love these Tablets, but the charging ports aren't the best. I bought 3 for Christmas and my kids take excellent care of them. I also do NOT them touch the tablets while they are charging. They have only had their tablets since Christmas day and they won't charge. I highly recommend getting the protection warranty for this item.
3	The tablet could be great for my 4 year old daughter if it worked properly. As of right now I need to return it to see if a new one will work. There are black and grey lines across the screen most of the time. It will not go to the home screen so my daughter can play on it. I am hoping a new one will not be faulty.
3	This tablet is definitely recommended if you are looking for light to medium usage. Tablet is snappy and quick but slarts to lag after installing multiple apps.Amazon app store is good but there are few essential apps that are not available, though you can install them using black market.
3	I did read about the game prior to buying it but so far the game is only half decent. Too much of the same thing.
3	This makes for a decent tablet for a kid with the kids edition, but I'm not sure I'd want it as an adult. There are much better tablets on the market. But since it's cheap, that's to be expected.
3	The display is not as sharp and vivid as they say but still good. Probably better for reading than watching videos. We didn't really get it for the games, but there is a good selection. WiFi works well and internet browsing is fast.
3	Good tablet althought the availability of apps thru their appstore is limited.
3	Works fine on wifi, otherwise a little slow. My kid enjoys it though. For the price it's good.
3	returning for a replacement. It got wet and quite working for a child's device it should be better made.
3	Wish it was easier to understand set up so children don't accidently charge to my account.
3	It's difficult to navigate and not user friendly. I was hoping for better results
3	There is nothing spectacular about this item but also nothing majorly wrong with it. The biggest flaw is that this is geared to kids and there is no way that I have found searching settings or online to lock the touch screen so that a video keeps playing if the child hits the screen. This means lots of times helping get back into the movie or show rather than just relaxing like an iPad can do with guided access activated.
3	My 4yr old was able to operate it flawlessly. The included case works its magic to keep the tablet from any accidental screen cracks.
3	The layout of the tablet is good. Internet is terrible.
3	Ok tablet from amazon, added Google play to device for more apps. Google how to do this.
3	Fine for reading, ...haven't used it for anything else yet
3	Was looking for a cheap tablet for my a son to use saw this unit on sale on black Friday good unit.
3	Very helpful and friendly. Didn't have too much selection on what I was looking for. But found what I needed.
3	I know beforehand that this is not a powerful tablet. But it's the best bargain at this price point . The screen is okay if you just read books, news, or surf the websites. But if you want to enjoy videos-this is not your choice.The processor is slow and the amazon app store doesn't have all the apps like you'd expect from Google appstore- even though the OS based on android. But few tweaks let you install the Google playstore-search online for the steps.Overall I'm satisfied with my purchase. Hope this is helpful.
3	good product but very hard to customize like real androids. Can not install firefox or other SW that Amazon deems a competition...too bad
3	It's ok but I rather have bought Samsung Galaxy Tab
3	A good starter tablet, but very very slow. Don't expect and I Pad savy child to enjoy this. But for a true beginner it would be fine.
3	At this price point it is very good. But having being used ipad the display doesnt look sharp. Amazon app store lacks content. Overall good for my 9 yr old.
3	I previously owned the Fire HD 7 and was excited about the HD 8. After getting the HD 8 and using it I started to notice how they were able to cut costs. The screen was not as crisp, the processor was slower and the speakers were not as loud as previous versions. Overall a good buy for the price but if you are expecting the quality that went into previous versions look elsewhere.
3	This device is a good if you are looking for a starter tablet for a young individual.
3	A good starter tablet, but very very slow. Don't expect and I Pad savy child to enjoy this. But for a true beginner it would be fine.
3	Christmas gift for 8 yr. Ended up returning. too slow and not enough content for our 8 yr old. Kids....... Great 2yr protection tho
3	Decent little tablet if you are not a game player. Tablet shuts down and I cant get it back on when I play games for long periods of time. It's not my ipad, that's for sure.
3	Decent little tablet if you are not a game player. Tablet shuts down and I cant get it back on when I play games for long periods of time. It's not my ipad, that's for sure.
3	Good tablet to take for my child to play on when out to dinner. Keeps him busy.
3	ok for price a little slow and doesn't have as many apps as google play.
3	Grandson became board with what it offers. Plug wears out fast
3	The built quality is great taking into considerarions its price. The tablet is pretty fast and responsive. However, Amazon's operating system is horrible. I miss a lot of apps that I use in my Apple devices, and some others that just don't work as good such as Mint and Netflix (don't have download capability). Also it won't work with my Chromecast devices...
3	Good size screen and clarity for the money. Seems fairly robust. The biggest problem is putting apps on it, at least free games. They do not have a great selection and when I put them on some of them require you turn on tracking so they can collect information or they won't let you play it
3	It was great product. the price which I got it was great.
3	This looked easy, but hard to setup if no experience with other than Apple products
3	Easy to use and lots of handy features. Downside is the ads that apparently can't be shut off and you can't upload and and play downloaded YouTube videos unless you are online.
3	I bought this for my 8year old son, he loves it just has very limited games on it
3	This tablet is grrrrrrreeeeeeeeaaaaaattttttt for the children!
3	This was a good tablet. I bought it for my Gf who basically only wanted it for Netflix and YouTube. The display was good, not great. The issue we had was that it kept dropping the wifi connection. This could have been a defect in this one tablet but we returned it and got another one.
3	Good tablet. Easy to use for 5 yr. Not as many free stuff as expected. Have to pay for most games, movies and books.
3	Not very fancy, but not slow. If you have Amazon Prime, you have a access to a great library of TV shows and Movies for free. Same goes for free book rentals. The Amazon App store is not so great, lots of apps are outdated but still work. Just not the latest versions you would expect. But the Amazon Underground appstore does offer free access to games you would normally pay for. It's decent for it's price and a good deal if you don't want anything fancy.
3	Good tablet but not as smooth as high end tablets. It's limited to Amazon so don't expect to do as much as an Android or iPad. I like mine and will continue to use it. I recommend using one if you can before buying.
3	Right after we bought it the charging port broke but it was very easy to get the tablet replaced and shipped to our house. It's not very operations friendly and comes with very little instruction.
3	I would recommend this tablet for an older child. Maybe 7 and up.
3	This is a good tablet for basic use. I ened up returning it and going with an iPad which met my needs more. This tablet would be good for someone with limited computer knowledge/use.
3	The tablet is pretty good, I would give it 5 stars if you are able to download an use apps from the Google store, that is one of my only big complaint. And also how fast the SD card got filled with items from Amazon OS that's on the tablet without the user knowing. On the other hand, With four kids using tablets as reward time it helps the kids free time is awesome it useful
3	The tablet is for my son who is 2. That being said I noticed blotches on the screen. Never returned it due to it not making a difference to my son. I will have to upgrade him in question few years anyway. The bumper is amazing.
3	I purchased 2 others for my 5 & 6yr-olds, and my 3yr-old niece enjoyed playing theirs so much I then bought this one for her. The included 1yr subscription to free-time is awsome for the kids! Parental controls are great, and included apps are helpful.The lower rating is because the charging port was extremely loose, as the cord falls out ALL the time! Very Frustrating!
3	Limited activities for my son to surf the web and do the things he likes to do!
3	I love this tablet and the games. But battery sucks. It goes dead really fast and it freezes up a lot.
3	Only good for kids and games. Battery life is good.
3	Son loves it........................................
3	This was easy to setup and easy to hand over to my 4 yr old. She loves the different games and apps that are available to her.
3	Bought the fire for my mother who is 72 to learn how to use a computer the price was right and she can use it to search the web
3	Good for alittle ones for games and movies picture not so clear but not expensive
3	These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
3	We purchased this kindle for our 3 yr old since it was lightweight and easy to use. If he would only let one of figure out apps and other functions. So the parental setting are great but havent gotten much further than that
3	I have 3 autistic kids and is great cause they can be rough .
3	I am happy so far with this tablet. It offers great protection for use with kids but is a little pricey for the lackluster performance. Great for kids.
3	Got this for my 10 year old grandson. He really likes it a lot. This is good for kids to learn responsibility using tablets.
3	I didn't do any in depth research on this particular tablet. The price and speed were good for what I wanted it for. My only con is not being able to clear the home screen of apps or relocate them so I can see my personal home screen picture.
3	Overall this is a great product. It sometimes freezes with some of the games but other apps work great. Alexa is a great addition.
3	The Amazon Fire HD8 (2016 model) is a great tablet for the price
3	My daughter lovethis tablet.. only problem is it cant connect to my home wifi which is verizon
3	Tablet is great. I am trying to get my daughter use to the kindle. We started her at 10 months on an Ipad and thought it would be easier to get one her own tablet now that she is almost 2. Not so, she is struggling to navigate in the kindle. I am not able to transfer her games and movies.
3	My 5 yr old loves it, however we do experience some sound issues from time to time.
3	I gave this as a gift for Christmas and still can't get it set up will have to go to geek squad to help
3	It's unfair for me to rate this product cause I have not even taken it out of the box to set it up.
3	I bought it and wrapped it up immediately. So I couldn't say either way if it was good or not.
3	I purchased this item for my 7yr old daughter. We like it but we can't get the pictures of the apps to show
3	Its a nice little set up but it's slow. I wish I would have investigated them a little more before just jumping in.
3	I like the ipad its very helpful my son has learned alot and i hope that it will help other kids too as they prepare for pre k
3	This is decent reader and Netflix device. Lots of bugs and gotchas when trying to use - icons going off screen, random locking, random performance hits while doing the same task. Returned. Buying an iPad mini 2. The build quality is just not there.
3	This is going to be a Christmas gift for my granddaughter so we don't know how good it is yet but we where going to put so games on it so it is ready to go and we couldn't because you have to have a amazon account to do anything with it.
3	It's a good piece of technology it's just not connecting to the wifi
3	In my opinion it's very slow for internet use. Good for our 5 yr old to use but we purchased this for her to do online curriculums, which is almost impossible to do with this tablet because of the speed. Our internet connection is great with every other laptop and computer in the house.
3	In my opinion it's very slow for internet use. Good for our 5 yr old to use but we purchased this for her to do online curriculums, which is almost impossible to do with this tablet because of the speed. Our internet connection is great with every other laptop and computer in the house.
3	I'm disappointed that it doesn't have a mirror display mode.
3	Thought it was to be better than what it is. Mother in law can play games an Facebook on it. Next time I will buy her a samsung
3	my kids have this. it works okay for things like youtube or netflix. Apps take longer to load and many games that you can get for the iPad aren't available on the Fire Tablet. Still say go with Mac.
3	It's nice to have parental controls, but app grouping and bugs with apps hurts the experience. Parents will still need to look over child's shoulder to ensure games/apps are appropriate. Battery life is absolutely terrible.
3	volume is a problem we have to take off the protective case for it to sound clear.
3	"I really wanted to give this device a chance but I did end up returning it. It's a HUGE upgrade though over the cheaper 7"" version. Honestly I don't think anyone should purchase that. If your budget can handle getting this version and you are heavily invested in the Amazon ecosystem (i.e. Prime member) this will make a great tablet. I think it is intended more for kids though than adults. Having iPads in the house we tried this with our toddler as a cheaper tablet for her but the interface and quirks of the Amazon OS just were not worth the hassle. Will end up seeking out a used iPad Mini 2 instead of this."
3	My kids really like this and if your buying a tablet for kids it's worth it, but maybe not so great for adults.
3	Its fast, connects well, every amazon aspect of life you could possibly want is on here. Thats what I didnt expect, it being my first tablet. Amazon gets in your face about all its promos and products every time i turn it on. Its so annoying. -But its very handy, very sleek, easy to use and connects quick to any wifi acess around. However its limited on games and its app store is c.r.a.p compared to android. So ehhh 50/50.
3	Not many apps. The first one was already returned...no power issue after 1week..I hope the second one is fine...
3	I'm a big fan of Amazon and their products, but this tablet is just ok. The build quality is great and the image is very good, but the software is mediocre at best. Worth the price.
3	It is just an average tablet. Bit slow but is a good option for people on budget
3	This Kindle was purchased on the black friday sale. At the time I felt it was a steal at that price. The first tablet I purchased a few years ago was the original Kindle Fire, the following year I purchased an iPad mini and now have the iPad mini 4. As you may already know, the iPad does not have explandable memory. This Kindle can have expanded memory to 200GB so that was a good selling point for me. After setting this new Kindle Fire up, I noticed that viewing photos were not as clear as the original iPad mini even without retina display, and the color had a greenish-yellowish tint to it. Some may not notice this if they do not have something else to compare it to. I'm a pro photographer so this was quite unaceptable to me. I was not expecting perfection with the colors but people's skin tones appeared greenish as if they were Vulcans. I also like to read tech manuals and magazines of which many are in PDF format. The Kindle will read this format but the Kindle Fire after all these years still cannot display the cover art from pdf books, etc.
3	Battery dies after an hour...should last longer for the money. Will not bold charge.
3	Needs to be more simpler. parental contorl still need to be better
3	A few problems with games loading but over all good
3	It was ok. You need Internet. The SDmini is a hassle.
3	I bought 2 of these tablets for my two youngest children. They had a lot of options to chose from as far as children apps go, but they were already familiar with the iPad since they stole mine all the time. Lol. That made it hard for them as well as myself to figure out how to use at first. Besides that, it's a good product.
3	For a five year old this worked fine but was a bit slow loading games. But 5 year olds these days want it immediately. Like the kid friendly free books and games. It worked well with downloaded Disney movies and Netflix. May have to get one for 2 year old suster they both live it
3	"I bought the 8"" version on impulse because of an excellent offer on Black Friday. As an Amazon product, it offers Amazon apps. While you can get Google Play apps, it requires some hoops. I just discovered I can't save movies from Netflix because that only applies to the HDX version. So this product has limits. But used as a Kindle reader, or to get email via wifi, or other uses (wifi only) while traveling where you wouldn't want to take an expensive device, it is a good choice."
3	it was great for reading but the lag time for loading videos was a little bit longer than an iPad
3	I absolutely love how u. An switch from dif accounts
3	Kids will love this tablet, has a camera and kids can make movies with it. Wonderful for a child with a good imagination
3	I got 2 of this for kids 5 and 3 it is a pretty good tablet, easy to navigate for the children but (and this is on me for not researching) but kid content is only free for a year, after that you gotta pay a monthly fee which is cheaper if you are a prime member, but still...Now reason why I'm about to return them! You CANNOT get YouTube kids at all! No google apps. You can get some YouTube kids clones on the adult profile and add them to the kid's profile but they stink. They're full of commercials.So I wasn't expecting this tablet to be like an iPad but this is a deal breaker for me.
3	I bought this to replace an older kindle that broke. It has more features, like front/ rear facing camera and better resolution screen. I feel like it doesn't work as well though. The screen doesn't always respond. The Internet freezes a lot. The colors seem to be a little off. All in all, still a decent piece for the price.
3	At first I wanted to return this product, I bought it for my 2 yr old. I decided to keep it bc my husband liked it and of course my daughter likes it. I dnt like the fact you cant use the audible app on the kids version. I also bought it so my daughter could be independent, as far as the books none of them are read aloud. She came maneuver the games and movies tho. Its an ok product tho, I love Amazon. My daughter still likes my Samsung Tab better. Would recommend for older kids.
3	I bought this for my two year old grandson but the restrictions were too much.
3	These are great tablets for the kids and the price is wonderful with the warranty and the soft, yet bulky (a good thing in this instance) case. The only thing I wish, was that it could access the Google Play Store so my kids could watch the movies we have in our Google Play Movies account.
3	When my husband and I bought our Kindle Fire 8, we went to Best Buy and asked questions as best we could. There are programs we apparently need to put create and edit documents and spreadsheets!! We did ask if it had those features and was told yes but I think we need to have a special app. Why isn't there a manual or step by step guide on getting the most use out of Kindle Fire 8. Can I get it online? Kindle Fire 8 fun to use but needs more info for customers. Can we go to a class at Best Buy? Thanks for any help.
3	Its cheap, but the you will notice the low screen resolution compared to iPad. App is somewhat limited unless you side load it.
3	the amount i paid for the tablet is worth it on sale.
3	Hoped this Fire HD 8 would be faster than my old HD Fire...not so much, I guess I expected the new Fire HD 8 to perform better but it still lags and is slow to load information while surfing the Internet. My wife's Ipad is light years ahead on this one, but what do you expect from a 60-70 dollar tablet.
3	I was hoping he would not want to put it down, like the other tablet he had (sprout chubby )But he stills wants my phone.
3	This is a good product for video, surfing and reading. However this version has dropped all android support as far as I can tell. I have a couple of apps that run on my old Fire just fine but are extremely problematic on this one. There is one app I use everyday but it doesn't work on this new Fire, so I have to keep the old one around. Kind of inconvenient. I would recommend seeing if your app is supported on this Fire before dropping the money.
3	I was completely under the impression that this tablet was child friendly but there are no built in restrictions so my son was able to purchase numerous apps and movies. My son usually uses my wife's ipad so I thought this tablet would be a good replacement but the interface is geared towards adults not a young child. If you buy this tablet, IMMEDIATELY change the settings to require a PIN to make purchases.I think the age recommendation should be 5+ not 3+.
3	I bought this for 3 year old to replace an older Ipad. it was functional but no where near level of ipad. This is understandable based on price difference/ I returned to store.
3	"I have had every version of the Kindle since the week it was introduced and jumped at the chance for a Kindle Fire. I replaced the first one I had in 2014 and it was everything I wanted except this past summer it started overheating and got nonresponsive in the midday heat. So...I got this one. First of all I miss Swype. WHY get rid of it? Secondly I cannot put two of my favorite apps (which work on my old one) to work on this but lastly and most importantly: every once in awhile the screen freezes with a bunch of code ""shimmering"" in the background and only turning it off and/or leaving it for awhile brings it back to life AND it turns itself off. It seems to happen when I close a program and move to a new one. Aggravating and not what I expect from a product with which I have been happy in the past."
3	I'll give it 3 starts because it's a decent tablet. But if the screen messes up when I'm trying to use it i can't imagine how my granddaughter feels.
3	Good for little kids, it runs a little slow though
3	Great for the kids but not much space for all the apps they want.
3	I bought this for my 2-year old. She liked it for the first few days and then she went back to playing with my ipad. If I hadn't already introduce her to the ipad, I think she would have been fine with this.
3	Nice tablet for the price. Just wish it had bluetooth.
3	I had to sideload google play services to be able to download from the google play store or use google chrome as a web browser, as this tablet was designed to be exclusive to Amazon.
3	Good features for kids, but definitely not enough storage. You'll need to get an SD card and set things to download to that or it will freeze and stop working.
3	Need to have some computer savvy. Wound be much more helpful if it came with a simple basic instructions.
3	I would would not recommend this for a child. It's not kid friendly at all. I have purchased 4 of them for my grandson and nephews and 3 was was damaged within a couple months. I think this product is is a better fit for adults.
3	Worse graphics, won't keep a wireless connection,overall not satisfied
3	I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife and things started out well but lately my wife has been having issues with it. It hasn't been working as it should and its only been a little over 2 months since she's had it. I'm going to try a hard reset on it and see if that helps.
3	I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife and things started out well but lately my wife has been having issues with it. It hasn't been working as it should and its only been a little over 2 months since she's had it. I'm going to try a hard reset on it and see if that helps.
3	Nice tablet but as usual with these items no instructions on how to get started
3	Overall I wasn't too impressed with his tablet. Actually returned it for an iPad mini bc my kid like it better and it was easier to use.
3	"I was expecting an Android device and discovered it was an ""Android like"" device. My fault for not reading up on his device before hand. I returned the Amazon Fire and bought a Samsung Tab E.I probably would recommend this tablet if you wanted a device for reading."
3	I purchased this for my 4 year old to play. It was not as user friendly as described and VERY slow. It keeps pausing and freezing up, which is frustrating for anyone using it. I was told that I would receive 20 off of the prime subscription, however, that was not offered when registering this product. It may be good for some, but it was not a good fit for us.
3	bought this during black friday (actually Thursday). ok for price. but not cool i had to buy extra storage for not a great price.
3	I had fire hdx 8 and loved it, unfortunately got damaged and could not replace. I purchased the fire HD 8 and exchanged n pay difference for fire HD 10. The 8 did not have a lot of options I was used to. :(
3	Very basic. If you need more than the basics, look for an Android tablet.
3	Good starter unit. Easy for a beginner to use. Priced low to give you a taste of the tablet world.
3	Not a lot of memory, dies fast. Great games........
3	The specs are good, feels solid, can't stand the OS. Too many ads you can't get rid of, not as customizable as I'd like. If that doesn't bother you, it's a good tablet for the price. Don't expect to run games on it, not powerful enough for that.
3	Bought as gift for senior. Setup process could be easier.
3	Does everything I need thank you. Alight small package easy to take anywhere
3	This is one of the perfect tab for kids, I bought it for my niece and she loved it.
3	My toddler did not like this tablet. It was a bit slow for her. Instead, she preferred an iPad over the Kindle Kids version.
3	It all of a sudden has stoped charging I have only used it a few times in the short time off purchase. Can I get a replacement or how best can I be helped
3	Works well but lacks forward control of screen and right and left movement on keyboard. Good foor short notes but could never do any substantial typing on this without external keyboard. Good for basic websurfing and email.
3	Wish it was a bit faster loading and browsing, but functions as you would expect for kid friendly product. I would spend the extra money next time for a tablet designed for adults but had strong parental controls
3	Slow performance and charging port very low poor quality it gets frozen most of the times
3	The tablet itself was nice, but the screen was to small for books, videos, and minecraft.
3	You get what you pay for. Playtime works when it wants to. Went on a long trip and the videos we downloaded had issues playing most of the time. My son is almost 2. He gets bored of it quickly. The pros are the price and it is well protected externally.
3	works great for the price.but it shoves amazon stuff down your hroat like the fire tv.and is linked to your amazon 1 click buy if you haveit set up that way.
3	still playing with it, figuring out what I can & can't do. I love the tangerine color I got. One thing for sure, some apps I have on my phone like redbox & instagram they are not in the amazon app store so I can't put them on the tablet. Wish I could.
3	Works well. But does not offer access to the apple or android App Store. Without the apps that I need, this tablet is not as useful.
3	the first worked fine for three weeks then stopped. took back and got a replacement. this one lasted almost a month. again took it back and was told I had to deal with Amazon.Found out thru Amazon webpage that units simply froze up and how to reset it. Was upset that store associate knew nothing about the product. Had to research everything myself.
3	I have a few issues with this tablet. Mainly the fact that I can't get Google services on it, not even YouTube. Aside from that, the biggest downfall is the charging. The port is very loose and comes undone easily and the charge doesn't hold for very long.
3	Great case ok tablet no Android play store. Weak micro usb port. It's isn't an straight out the box tablet. Had to install Android play store on it. And as far as the charging port goes I'm on my 3rd one but best buy are the best with their return policy...
3	Perfect for that age group that I bought it for she 10and loves it.
3	Unable to download the Instagram app. which stinks
3	I hate amazon app store. Nothing good in there. The tablet is too slow for what I do... it is good for reading only....
3	We found there to be too many pop up ads and returned it.
3	Wry basic, but I guess, it's ok for the price. Bought for a 6 year old.
3	It was working great then all of a sudden it wouldnt come on
3	This is the 2nd one I have bought. The first one went out before the 1 year. I contacted Amazon and the warranty for these was only 90 days. It is a good tablet for kids, but if you are looking for something long term. I would spend the extra $$ for at least something that has a 1 year limited warranty.
3	Not very user friendly and intuitive.Very limited capabilities and apps.Good for viewing movies.Very limited language capabilities other than English and a few other languages.Apps are downloaded, but can't be found.
3	Very slow performance and sometimes applications freeze up and don't work very well , charging port very low quality
3	There's not much difference in the regular Kindle. Wait till it goes on sale.
3	The tablet works fine. It is responsive with good resolution. It is too tied to Amazon. It requires too many hoops to get apps such as Zinio to work. Until Amazon loosens its grip, I recommend only at a very good price.
3	This product works, but works slow compared to Apple and some Android phones/tablets. Like I stated in my summary... you pay for what you get. No major issues thus far.
3	Th size difference is noticeable and squarish rather then rectangular, which I prefer. The Kindle unit itself is rather nice, the auto rotate and adjust being the best part. I returned this item b/c the cover is flimsy. and I was afraid I would drop it and break the kindle.
3	This is not the first kindle i buy, but the others were for my kids or gifted to kids so they broke at some point. This one was for me, i didn?t hurry to buy a cover as i am a veeery careful person. Well i was sorry to see the back (yes, the back) cracked within a month, no drop whatsoever, i keep it on my bedside table to read at night.
3	I wish the tablet was faster and more consistent. It is ok as a first tablet, but not for someone who has owned many and wants to do many things with it.
3	I bought this as a gift to my parents. The unfortunate part was that I was a little misinformed about the connectivity between the tablet and a chrome cast that I purchases as well as part of the gift. The tablet is not compatible with the table and that was a little disappointing. Other than that, it's an alright product.
3	Good tablet for kids. Lots of appts to download for games
3	Brought this for my 8 yr old son. He cannot put it down. Would recommend this product.
3	This tablet overall is okay,there are few problems that i face with this tablet. Charging this tablet takes little longer than the average tabletSome of the application is not available through amazon store app
3	It's an ok tablet because you need to have an Amazon account in order to download free apps
3	Not easy to navigate and download apps to the device
3	for 33 dollars its a great option. although it was a black friday special its perfect for kids especially considering the amount of damage it can handle!
3	This does everything your smart phone does but with a larger screen for easier browsing and input.
3	bought a few kindles in the past but this time one of it came defective. the port was bent and it was hard to charge but still possible. comes in 4 different color. was 16gb enough space for kids, has camera, ok quality not the best but ok for pics taken by kids
3	Great purchase for a 9-year old girl. Easy way for peaceful long car rides.
3	I ordered this online on black Friday, I live about 30 miles from nearest store and I saw the special on their website, so why not I thought. Came in yesterday. Maybe it's just because I'm not familiar with this product
3	Bought this tablet for 8 year old. It holding up good & she loves it. She enjoys playimg her games & being able to get on the internet.
3	I like the size of this tablet. I have small hands and it fits. Needs to have a cover a little slippery. Easier to handle than my iPad
3	I wish it has some more of the apps from the play store some are just not there
3	I purchased this since I bought my grandson this tablet for Christmas. The tablet is slow, considering price that's OK.I have problems with the charger, it won't charge when I am using the tablet, the charger needs to be plugged in and not moved for it to charge.For the price the tablet is OK.
3	Personally I'd say buy the newer 6 inch fire. But you do get more for your money getting the older one.
3	Decent little tablet if you are not a game player. Tablet shuts down and I cant get it back on when I play games for long periods of time. It's not my ipad, that's for sure.
3	Serves the purpose for which it was bought, 
3	Not a substitute for an iPad, but a really good tablet for reading and minimal internet usage.
3	This tablet is a good kids tablet and or for prime users. Not a laptop replacement or for non amazon users
3	is a God tablet but the camera could be a little better
3	It's a little slow, and the camera isn't the best, but for the price it's fine
3	I bought this a first tablet. I'm disappointed in the battery life. I sort of expected better especially as I got hooked on online games.
3	It's great for beginners, like children, but very limiting for me. I can't use many apps because it doesn't allow me to use the Google play store.
3	My daughter has had this tablet for almost 2 months and it works well.
3	I enjoy all the features on the Fire 7 tablet!!!!!
3	In my opinion it's very slow for internet use. Good for our 5 yr old to use but we purchased this for her to do online curriculums, which is almost impossible to do with this tablet because of the speed. Our internet connection is great with every other laptop and computer in the house.
3	I got it because it was smaller and lighter than the original kindle fire. It is not as easy to operate as the original kindle fire.
3	No instructions. Either paper or electronic. How do I transfer apps & data from old kindle to new one 9
3	Screen larger than phone. Visual better...........
3	Not as good as before the old kindle, just seams to work better
3	Well not as good as I thought but works fine for my children.
3	I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife and things started out well but lately my wife has been having issues with it. It hasn't been working as it should and its only been a little over 2 months since she's had it. I'm going to try a hard reset on it and see if that helps.
3	When I first bought it and got it started it wouldn't register my amazon account. I tried making a new account and I tried using my moms account but it would not work so I took it back and had geek squad look at it and they claimed it was defective and exchanged it for another one and the new one works wonderfully, haven't had any issues with it yet.
3	I was hoping to find something universal to as a tablet but you get what you pay for.
3	My 7-year old daughter saved up to by this. Her brother bought the 8GB about a year earlier, so new she needed more space. The OS is a bit clunky, and less intuitive then on higher priced tablets, but tough to beat the price. Speed isn't great for web or certain gaming apps, but fine for books. Parental controls are helpful, but take time to figure out and require more steps than seem necessary to change. Overall, OK first tablet for kids, considering the price. For adults, fine for e-books and VERY basic apps. Otherwise, best to pay up for better quality and OS efficiency.
3	good for reading books. light, handy but not so much for browsing.
3	Decent somewhat slow. Netflix freezes up at times.
3	Too slow for games and videos i bought it for my youngest son so they wouldnt fight for the ipad but they still do
3	Not happy at first as battery was totally dead when I got it. However, after charging, it's working ok
3	The sleek design and colors available for small kids is good. The tablet is a nice price and useful.
3	Great for first time tablet, but more advanced options available
3	Overall it is a good tablet, but I am not a fan of the limitations of the silk browser and Amazon app store.
3	I only bought this as a travel companion when I fly. It was cheap and functional.
3	I bought this as s present for my 65 year old grandma. She loves it. Very easy to operate. No issues
3	I was not a fan of the Amazon type operating system that is on the tablet. Ended up taking it back because it was not what I wanted, not as easy and supportive of games and apps as an Android tablet.
3	This tablet is sufficient for secondary use. At times searches are slow and memory is limited.
3	I do like the Fire Tablet - but I feel that if it is going to have a camera it should have been a better camera. The internet works but I find it takes a while to load. I have read a book on it but - I prefer to use my original paper white - that can be read in any lighting including outside. But for what it is and the price it was - its a good product.
3	Th size difference is noticeable and squarish rather then rectangular, which I prefer. The Kindle unit itself is rather nice, the auto rotate and adjust being the best part. I returned this item b/c the cover is flimsy. and I was afraid I would drop it and break the kindle.
3	Love the capabilities it has to offer.Downside, it totally shuts off by itself and you have to start what you doing all over again
3	We bought this because we thought it would be great for reading books and playing a few games. However, awkward size makes the device very weird to hold and generally not enjoyable. The Fire HD 8 shares the exact same specs and has a higher battery life. There's almost no reason to take this device over the 8.
3	I do not find this as easy to use as my original Kindle Fire but I do like the camera a lot better, though it is not clear megapixels
3	This is my 3rd Kindle. I have continued to move up on the screen size and this one is so easy to see and read. I do however sometimes have a problem with it when I am online. It can take forever to load up a site and move from page to page so that can be annoying. I have extremely fast internet so that is not the problem and when I check strength of wifi connection it always says excellent so not sure why it takes so long. Do not have that problem on my other 2.
3	Got this Kindle Fire to replace a laptop that died. So far I have been very pleased. Finding new things that it can do. Not happy with the camera, but I might not know all the details about it yet.
3	the first one I got was very slow. I turned it in today and this one works great
3	I don't care for having to close each window separately I would prefer to be able to select close all or exit all
3	The HD tablet is just right for a child who is being introduced to the computer word.
3	The price of the item was very good compared to other cages however the item itself came tilted so now my dog has a tilted dog crate. The tilt to the gates are noticeable but not very drastic. For the price I'll live with it.
3	Take your personal assistant with you wherever you go with this Amazon Fire HD 8 tablet featuring Alexa voice-activated cloud service. The slim design of the tablet is easy to handle, and the ample 8-inch screen is ideal for work or play. This Amazon Fire HD 8 features super-sharp high-definition graphics for immersive streaming.
3	Too many Amazon advertisement that you can?t get rid of on this tablet. Took my 6 year old a long time to adjust to it as she was familiar with using my Apple Ipad.
3	can't beat the price I bought this at from Best Buy. It has held up well inside the beefy case we bought for it, and the screen is nice and sharp. However, the unit did randomly shut off and refuses to power back up without ever coming into contact with water or any drops. I am glad that the replacement plan was very affordable.
3	I?ve used one on multiple occasions. They seem to user friendly so I bought 3 of them for Christmas gifts for my nieces and son.
3	Everything worked well and a little faster than the 7 inch but a little harder to hold with one hand. Ended up returning and keeping the 7 inch tablet instead as it was better for me. Still a great deal
3	Tablet works as expected, Apple warranty is a joke. Read the fine print, they don't cover most problems with the tablet. Learned this the hard way
3	Tablet works as expected, Apple warranty is a joke. Read the fine print, they don't cover most problems with the tablet. Learned this the hard way
3	Worth the price. Added this to my collection mainly for audible books. Don?t like the OS much.
3	Easy to use but more limited than a more powerful tablet such as a Galaxy or iPad. Video conferencing is rather difficult to do in my experience. However if you read digital books, watch videos, or listen to music it works well and the stereo sound with the larger versions is really nice.
3	3 yr old loves it, I hate it. Hours spent download
3	It already quit working. Will not charge anymore. I had to buy a new one.
3	This was purchased as a gift so I can only offer an average expectation of its performance.
3	Bought this for my my daughter. Good for slower games. Kind of slow loading pages and when watching videos
3	I bought 2 for my kids and got a great discount but the one my daughter uses has gave us a little trouble from the start
3	I bought this tablet originally because of its price. You get what you pay for. Overall, I thought it was a wonderful tablet but it didn?t fit my needs. I ended up returning it because I didn?t like the android software. This tablet is wonderful for children and the elderly, but for a previous iPad owner, I decided to buy an iPad and pay more instead.
3	Basic tablet which is pretty good for its price range.
3	"Bought this to replace my aging Nexus 7 (2013) version, but didn't hold a candle up to it. I knew it going in, but wanted to see for myself in person. For $80, can't hardly beat the features, but I was spoiled by arguably the best small Android tablet ever made. I knew the screen resolution was lacking, especially on an 8"" screen, but coming from the Nexus, it was a huge difference. Also, even at 4 plus years old, the processor was humming along smoothly. The extra .5 gb ram was also helpful. Anyways, back to the Fire HD 8. One advantage it had over the Nexus, was the expansion slot. I loved being able to put my media on it, but then again, the media displayed on the screen was subpar, so it's a wash. I installed Google play on it, so that it expanded its functionality, and I'm an avid Amazon conneseiur, but found the table too limiting. Ultimately returned and bought an old, discontinued Fire HD 6 for $20. The resolution almost matches that of the Nexus, so I'm happy for now."
3	It's a fast tablet, but doesn't get all the games you can get at the play store. Many apps not available for Kindle.
3	This was a xmas gift and is a great gift for someone who uses kindle and Amazon.
3	With the recent promotion for the Amazon Fire HD8 tablet, I just had to get one. It's been a while since I bought a tablet and the one I currently have is getting to be very slow.The tablet will come with a micro USB charging/data cable and a wall adapter.The tablet itself has some weight to it compared to the kindle tablets but won't be a problem if you use it to read sitting up. Initial setup was very straight forward. Once you connect to the WiFi and login to your Amazon account, you should be in the FireOS interface. The tablet is bundled with Amazon apps so everything is just a few swipes away on the screen. The interface itself, is very smooth so I didn't notice any lags at all. I did try a few games and there were some that were a bit slow at times and this was expected from a tablet at this price range. I will mainly use it to browse online and watch videos so don't see this as a huge setback.The buttons, charging port and headphone jack are all on top which will need some getting used to since most devices I've used had side buttons for the power/volume and charging/headphone ports are at the bottom. To the left side are two speakers and there's a micro SD card slot on the right for those who need more memory. The memory card option will be handy since this tablet is only 16GB and I think you have about 11-12GB free out of the box.
3	We purchased the Fire for our 9 year old. The price is right for an entry level device and I don't worry too much about it breaking. The charging port has already started to fail, however.
3	This was not the best choice for my autistic son. We were unable to download anything from Google Play and were limited to the Amazon store. Making this a deal breaker for us. I had to return it and get a different tablet.
3	This is a pretty good tablet for kids, but the sound is way to low. Very difficult to hear.
3	This is a pretty good tablet for kids, but the sound is way to low. Very difficult to hear.
3	If you are getting this, get it on a sale!!It slow and choppy, but it's decent for light media consumption and browsing.
3	Great toy for a 6 years old nephew, which was the reason why I buy this tablet. Had all need it for hours of entertainment for my nephew, I download a few games and load a couple of movies, the performance was great but then I found a couple of issues.First, I was unable to directly download any app from the tablet, receive a constant error saying than I need to activate ONE-CLICK DOWNLOAD, I follow all instructions and had to create a virtual credit card (I never insert my real credit card on a 6y/o toy, never), even if my intentions was only download free apps. Nothing works, change the address, change the credit card, try everything and nothing works. Finally I found a bypass method which is use my browser on my pc, connect to the amazon account and link the tablet, then I was able to install new apps.The second issue was to discover than the tablet can be only use on US, my surprise when I try to add more apps when I travel outside US and after hours of trying, found the answer on a forum when indicate than the tablet was created to be use on on US.
3	Great case.. took awhile to get to my house but after several delays it finally got there.
3	Great case.. took awhile to get to my house but after several delays it finally got there.
3	Loved it! Great product for my 10 year old son!!!!
3	Easy to setup. Large screen. Protective case built-in. Two year protection plan included.
3	If you want a basic tablet this is perfect for you. However, if you are heavily invested in Android, this tablet will disappoint. Very Amazon driven, runs slowly with Android software sideloaded.
3	Perfect for children or for someone that is curious about trying something that isn?t an Apple iOS. Also great for someone that has an Amazone Prine memberships. If you want the FULL Android experience though, you should get a different tablet. You get what you pay for.
3	I bought it to run a lot of home automation things. But after 5 apps wouldnt run like I expected them to, it was of little use to me.
3	This was a birthday gift! It has nice visual features! It was easy to get started on it! So far so good!!
3	Why do I get so many POP Up Adds on this! Its a great product but it's always trying to sell me something!
3	I have an older Fire HD 7 and had started reading a lot more periodicals on it (okay, I admit it, comic books). So when the news about the Fire HD 8 7th generation went out, I put in a pre-order and eagerly anticipated its arrival so I could have just a slightly larger screen and better performance.The Fire HD 8 delivered on those two fronts. It's noticeably snappier than my HD 7, and the screen is larger. No arguing those points.My Fire HD 8 arrived charged to 73%, so I hooked it up to the included charger and set it to download some of the aforementioned periodicals. I checked on it two hours later and noticed that it had managed a measly 4% increase in battery charge in that time. Starting at 73%, I would have expected it to at least be in the mid to high 80s after two hours.After experimenting a bit, I found that the only way I could get a sort of decent charging speed was to turn the Fire HD off altogether and let it charge with absolutely nothing else running. I am now able to charge at a rate of about 1% every 10 to 15 minutes, an improvement over 1% per half hour, but it means having to fully turn off the Fire HD before I plug it in and then restart it when I want to use it again. The Fire HD 8 will maintain an even charge level while it is plugged in and in use, but don't expect it to replenish the battery in that state.Aside from that, the Fire HD 8 seems a decent tablet for a $100 price point. Just don't expect it to fully charge overnight if you deplete it the day before.
3	I can only compare my Fire HD 8 16 GB (2017) to my two Fire HD 7 8 GB 2012 (2nd Gen) units.Fire HD 8 16 GB (2017) - Pros- Wider screen - better for viewing movies.- Multiple small icons on home screen.- Around 50% more RAM- Can add microSD up to 256 GB (no need to buy 32 GB)- Good value w/ $20 discount: $59 is lot less than the Fire HD 2012.- Offers Alexa, but I haven't figured it out (I have a Fire Stick on HDTV).Fire HD 8 16 GB (2017) - Cons- Same 1208 x 800, 720p HD resolution.- Only 1.3 GHz (2012 was 1.2 GHz)- Crummy front/rear cameras, no auto-focus
3	Get this for shopping and fun, not for productivity. This is an inexpensive tablet chocked full of bloatware and ads. I got it for the wife and she uses it to play mini games and shop, and that's what it's meant for so mission accomplished.The GOOD: It's cheap. Fairly good battery life. Fairly decent screen. Quick charge time.The BAD: It always has some sort of advertising for amazon shopping - annoying at times. Sound quality is terrible. Made of super slippy material, hard to hold
3	I bought this tablet to use with my 3 year old autistic son. I tried 3 different tablets and all 3 were defective. It would turn off by itself during a video. We were using It for his therapy sessions and this was very inconvient. Switched to a 7 and have had no trouble since.
3	I bought this tablet to use with my 3 year old autistic son. I tried 3 different tablets and all 3 were defective. It would turn off by itself during a video. We were using It for his therapy sessions and this was very inconvient. Switched to a 7 and have had no trouble since.
3	Good tablet for Amazon lovers, not so good for Android lovers.Too much Amazon advertising ad nauseum.. Can't get Google Play apps. Miss google. Returned to store.thanks
3	Good for beginners. Although you need to have a google account and a credit card to start up. For reading purposes only.
3	Purchased this for my 18 month old granddaughter, had to return the first one due to it crashing. The second one has done the same , but plan on giving it a few more days before returning it. A little disappointed with it, expected it to be better than what it is.
3	Its a good one but didn't set for my 6 year old.So had to return it back !
3	The HD tablet is just right for a child who is being introduced to the computer word.
3	This was purchased as a Christmas gift and I have not had any experience with it yet.
3	I got the tablet for $50 but doesn't have the full Android operating system. Even with a software hack, not all the apps from Play Store were usable on this tablet. Returned it and got a Samsung Tablet.
3	Bought this for my parents as they have an aging 3rd Generation FireHD. That tablet cost well over $300 dollars but was limited to fireOS 4. I couldn't believe that their newest only cost $50 on sale with ads. I don't think it is worth it at their normal price of $80 dollars.FireOS 5 is pretty much just a skinned version of Android Lolipop. Since we are on Nougat now, they are about two years behind. Hopefully security updates are still being made for the device.The biggest disappointment was the screen. If you buy this for reading books, they really need to go back to the old 3/4 Gen HD Fire Tablets, as their screens are so much better. They claim IPS on this screen, but I don't buy it. Colors are washed out and pixel density is pretty poor.The blue light filter they have is pretty terrible compared to what Apple offers. It basically puts a semitransparent color over the entire screen. If something on the screen is already black, why does it need to look blackish orange? I don't fully fault amazon as this may be more of a limitation of Android, but still...Also I can't figure out how to get rid of the adds for the red version. In the past there was an option to pay a few extra dollars and they remove the promotion. Amazon's website doesn't offer the red without adds as of this writing, but they do with the black.Side load google play store for more up to date apps as a lot of the amazon store apps are long out of date.
3	"Bought it for $50 to replace my aging Kindle Fire HDX 7. Was excited about the size (1"" larger), faster processor, and expandable storage.I should have read the reviews. Comixology purchases only download to the internal storage, not external - 16 GB fills up after 8 downloads. The screen resolution is noticeably pixilated when reading text.Still, one star for value if bought for $50, one star for build (solid), and one if you're a Amazon Prime member & able to take advantage of video & music (which will download to external memory)."
3	Couldn?t use it for video chat with amazon show .. that was the reason for me to buy this tablet. Will return back
3	Bought it for my 3 year old son. Physically the product is amazing! Love the case around it, and how amazon replaces the product if anything happens, no questions asked. However, the software is terrible. I wasn't expecting much to begin with but its hard to consider this as a tablet when everything is limited. I only use it now to play movies from an external SD card, which cannot be played via kids profile
3	The Freetime so far isn't very intuitive and it looks like you have to be on the deivce. No web interface for it.
3	This device fulfill a daily needs. You can use for a very basic thing like browsing, listening the music, watching movie or reading. The quality of the picture and the sound is not too bad. If you are a vet picky person.. this device will not work for you. The only cons for me is that this device can't connect to Tv.
3	Cant download many apps, but its great for kids or for those who like to read.
3	Picture quality seemed grainy. We tried streaming video on amazon prime with it and it buffered some times even though we have an extremely fast Wi-Fi. For the price though it's not bad. We use it for our kid's apps
3	It's ok just right for our baby I like we can set a lot of parental blocks
3	This was a nice purchase for my son 8yr old, it performs well
3	I returned this item because I couldn?t get a keyboard with a case to go with it.
3	When I finally opened and started the process it took forever to load apps but when it finally finished it was fine
3	Kindle fire is slow but love the fact my child is protected from some internet content
3	Context: Replacement for my old Nexus 7
3	NOT REALLY NEEDED. I ALREADY HAD TWO AND DECIDED THREE WAS OVERLY ONE TOO MUCH.
3	Resolution was great, speed was good. Bought for grandson, he didn't like it because it would not run Google apps and couldn't watch u-tube without purchasing additional apps.
3	I got this for my boyfriend for a Christmas gift. He liked it but doesn't use the internet much & has a smart phone so I returned. It's good for someone looking for something basic
3	This has been pretty easy for my kids to use and navigate. They really like it.
3	OK for the price. Used for games and checking emails. Haven't explored other uses at this time
3	Not enough features. It's to simple. When parental control is on it's not much you can do on the tablet not even use the camera
3	Speakers stuck on this thing . I bought it to give to my grandma but she found it too difficult.
3	I bought this as a gift to my parents. The unfortunate part was that I was a little misinformed about the connectivity between the tablet and a chrome cast that I purchases as well as part of the gift. The tablet is not compatible with the table and that was a little disappointing. Other than that, it's an alright product.
3	Brought this for my 8 yr old son. He cannot put it down. Would recommend this product.
3	This tablet overall is okay,there are few problems that i face with this tablet. Charging this tablet takes little longer than the average tabletSome of the application is not available through amazon store app
3	It's an ok tablet because you need to have an Amazon account in order to download free apps
3	for 33 dollars its a great option. although it was a black friday special its perfect for kids especially considering the amount of damage it can handle!
3	Nothing too special or complicated. Fills the need.
3	I ordered this online on black Friday, I live about 30 miles from nearest store and I saw the special on their website, so why not I thought. Came in yesterday. Maybe it's just because I'm not familiar with this product
3	Bought this tablet for 8 year old. It holding up good & she loves it. She enjoys playimg her games & being able to get on the internet.
3	I like the size of this tablet. I have small hands and it fits. Needs to have a cover a little slippery. Easier to handle than my iPad
3	I wish it has some more of the apps from the play store some are just not there
3	Personally I'd say buy the newer 6 inch fire. But you do get more for your money getting the older one.
3	Serves the purpose for which it was bought, 
3	This tablet is a good kids tablet and or for prime users. Not a laptop replacement or for non amazon users
3	is a God tablet but the camera could be a little better
3	It's a little slow, and the camera isn't the best, but for the price it's fine
3	I bought this a first tablet. I'm disappointed in the battery life. I sort of expected better especially as I got hooked on online games.
3	It's great for beginners, like children, but very limiting for me. I can't use many apps because it doesn't allow me to use the Google play store.
3	I enjoy all the features on the Fire 7 tablet!!!!!
3	I got it because it was smaller and lighter than the original kindle fire. It is not as easy to operate as the original kindle fire.
3	No instructions. Either paper or electronic. How do I transfer apps & data from old kindle to new one 9
4	Bulk is always the less expensive way to go for products like these
4	AmazonBasics AA AAA batteries have done well by me appear to have a good shelf life. I'll buy them again.
4	They don't last as long as the brand name but are good enough considering they are much cheaper.
4	This my second order and they seem to work as good as name brand and ship to my door.
4	they seemed to not last as long as other name brand names disappointed!
4	have not used yet but a battery is a battery good price
4	These Amazon batteries did the job although I gave 4star only because I had a few I would say a hand full of batteries that were not as strong or were pretty weak but out of a box of 48 batteries, I will definitely buy again for this priceIm pretty well satisfied.Thank you!
4	I use these batteries in my game cameras and they work great, last several weeks.
4	I use them for my Xbox controllers and they last pretty long. Great for a cheap price.
4	GOT THE 48 PACK, I USEDD THEM UP FASTER THAN I THOUGHT I WOULD!!,SO IM ORDERING MORE !! SO IM ORDERING MORE NOW
4	AmazonBasics batteries are quite good in terms of capacity -- pretty much tied for the top spot compared to the other 6 brands I've tested, but other brands have the edge in capacity per dollar. When I computed value by dividing capacity by the cost per battery of the cheapest package size, they took a respectable third place, and they have the advantage of being a trusted name compared to the value leader. In the images I have attached a graph and a table summarizing my test results for the 7 types I've tested, but if you'd like to know more about how I test ... on to the in-dept test review.I've been on a bit of a quest to test all of the top-selling aaa batteries on Amazon in a repeatable, precise way. This means the same equipment, same environmental conditions, and same slots in the equipment will be used for each test. For each test, I fully discharge 3 batteries in my Opus BT-C2000 battery analyzer at rates of 100 ma, 200 ma, and 400 ma (discharge rate affects usable capacity). I have also performed this exact same test (same equipment, same conditions) on the ACDelco, Duracell Procell, Duracell Coppertop, Energizer MAX, Maxell, and Rayovac. I have linked the other brands I've reviewed at the end of this review if you'd like to take a look at the other results for comparison purposes. For the Amazon Basics batteries, the capacity at each discharge rate was:Disch Rt Capacity Runtime Sample use case100 mA 997 mAh 10 hrs Low-power LED flashlight200 mA 914 mAh 4.5 hrs Electronic toy / medium LED flashlight400 mA 623 mAh 1.5 hrs Motorized toy / bright LED flashlightNote that these (and all other Alkalines) would achieve somewhat higher capacity (maybe 1200 mAh) in a low discharge application like a mouse, keyboard, remote control, etc because alkaline batteries have internal resistance that reduces usable capacity at high discharge rates.The capacity of these batteries is among the best I've tested -- take a look at the attached data table for comparative data. For the cost (0.31/ea in a 36 pack right now), these are a decent but beatable value -- the power supplied per dollar spent is very good, but eclipsed by other currently available options.Comparison:These batteries do well capacity-wise, but value-wise are blown away by the currently cheapest energy/dollar battery that I've tested, the ACDelco aaa's. Their capacity results were:Disch Rt Capacity Runtime100 mA 1005 mAh 10 hrs200 mA 864 mAh 4.3 hrs400 mA 670 mAh 1.7 hrsAs you can see, the Amazon batteries were very comperable ... but, at the current time the AmazonBasics batteries are 0.31/ea (36 pack), while the ACDelco batteries are about 0.21/ea (48 pack) -- so the ACDelco are significantly cheaper per mAh. I did not test shelf life, so it's possible that these may hold up better sitting in a drawer. Although both the Amazon batteries and the ACDelco batteries are certainly made on contract by a third party, I do think that I trust Amazon a bit more to provide consistent batteries than ACDelco ... although I haven't had any trouble with my ACDelco batteries so far. It's also worth noting that the Amazon batteries come in clearly superior packaging - while the ACDelco batteries come in a horrible gigantic plastic blister pack, the Amazon batteries come in a closable cardboard box. If you don't go through a lot of batteries organization of your battery drawer is important to you, that could push them into the all-around winner category despite the 50 price premium.Finally, because another review specifically mentions the Rayovac AA's as being 'good' in some usage scenarios, I thought I'd share my findings for the Rayovac AAA's. In short, they're garbage - the Amazon batteries are better in EVERY case. It's possible that the Rayovac AA's are much better than the AAA's, but I think it's more likely that the version of the Rayovacs tested by the website that he got his results from is different than the most popular Rayovac on Amazon (I source all of my batteries from Amazon). I ran the Rayovac test several times because I couldn't believe how poorly they did ... here are some typical Rayovac results:Disch Rt Capacity Runtime100 mA 908 mAh 9 hrs200 mA 590 mAh 2.9 hrs400 mA 443 mAh 1.1 hrsMy other battery tests/reviews:I have posted reviews for Duracell Coppertop, Duracell Procell and ACDelco aaa alkaline batteries with capacity data gathered using the exact same method and equipment. To find those reviews for comparison purposes, go to the product pages linked below and search for 'mah' under 'all reviews' (or just browse to them on my profile). If/when I do additional aaa tests/reviews in the future, I will update this list.ACDelco AAA Super Alkaline BatteriesDuracell AAA Batteries Coppertop MN2400 - 20 PackDuracell Procell AAA Batteries PC2400BKD09Energizer MAX AAA BatteriesMaxell Alkaline Battery AAA CellRayovac Alkaline AAA Batteries
4	A good bang for your buck!! Almost everything now a days uses batteries.
4	lasts just as long as duracell
4	What can I say Thes batteries work as xpected.
4	This large pack of batteries is a cheap alternative to buying other brand names and are particularly useful for gaming. The battery life is every bit as good as the brand name batteries as well. I use these batteries for frequent gaming to power my controller and headset.
4	They seem to have some good staying power and are cheaper than most other brands. I highly recommend as this box lasts quite a few months with the kids mainly using these for xbox controllers.
4	so many batteries, so little money. A great deal
4	Works great for everyday AA battery needs
4	Ive been buying these since they started selling them. The last batch, I had one that leaked. It was in a rather expensive candle, so a heads up for those using this battery to check once in a while. Ive never had this happen before. It turned all brown on one side and could have ruined my candle if I didnt clean it out real good. The battery was only week old, used infrequently in an air conditioned home. I will still continue to buy these.
4	Yes, I'm using these and they are as good as any other battery.
4	Last just as long as other less expensive brands.
4	AA! Would buy again!
4	As advertised, I have not had any problems.
4	Good value for the money Will order again
4	Needed some more batteries for the home and these were reasonably priced. Have been using for a week and so far they are working well.
4	We'll See how they last.
4	Good less expensive bulk pack. Great alternative for toys and games that seem to eat batteries and won't break the bank. Seem to work well enough and rival the name brands. Will buy again.
4	For most applications they seem to do a decent job. Have used them for about 3 years.
4	a couple of low juice ones, but I bought a charger and all is good
4	Always a good deal
4	Iv'e got these batts in a bunch of holiday candles. Going strong. Great price. If they poop out early, I'll update this post.
4	These are decent but I find they last about 20 less than Duracell batteries, but considering the cost difference they are actually worth it.
4	I like the Amazon line of Basics. Nothing fancy, they just work.
4	OK
4	Works great and holds chaege as well as and battery I have had
4	First time I've used these batteries, so far so good!
4	HOPE THEY WORK!
4	They're batteries. Significantly more cost effective than Duracel Energizer. Rated 4* because I can't yet say how they last compared to the two big brands but so far they're performing well.
4	Love this particular packaging arrangement. I think 48-count is the way to go in the future.
4	Great batteries. So why not 5 stars I haven't used them long enough yet to know their life expectancy, and it would have been more convenient to have the packaging to be resealable or with fewer in the same container. I ordered 20 and it came in two 10-pack sealed plastic things. Not a big deal, since I took care when opening them. All remotes and appliances that I've inserted the new batteries into are still working perfectly after a month. That's all I ask.
4	Good batteries work as described
4	as expected
4	As expected. Batteries at a good price. Batteries come in a brown box. Inside the batteries are in groups of 4.
4	As expected. Nothing special.
4	These are good batteries. How do I know. I installed these in my electric tooth brush 2 months ago. The brush is still buzzing my brain when I use it. No way any of the other batteries will do this. Been there done that.
4	Well, these are basic, average, ordinary non-rechargeable AA batteries. You get 100 in bundles of 4 tightly wrapped in plastic, all packaged in a plain corrugated cardboard box. The price is good. The batteries are plentiful. I've read reviewer complaints here that the battery quality is inferior, that they don't work, or explode, or ooze, or don't last very long. I can't tell you about this. I don't have a battery tester and nor do I have the ambition to set up a test involving these vs. some top brands to see which work better and last longer.Don't try to charge them (duh!) and just use them. I'm not a big user of AA batteries and now that the World As I Knew It is coming to an end, there will probably be plenty of these still in my house when that end arrives.
4	For the price a great value, will never buy another overpriced brand name battery again.
4	Good price and good batteries.
4	Good amount of battery for the price.But they are not as long lasting as Duracell
4	Basic, alkaline battery, highly rate by CU
4	Pros: Good batteries. I like the easy subscription option which helps make them even cheaper. Packaging is nicely done.Con: Found them cheaper.
4	So far so good
4	Batteries are batteries these seemed fine for us! They lasted the whole Taylor Swift concert! Don't really know how long they last total.
4	Price can't be beat...batteries aren't great, but they're so cheap
4	So far, so good. They are what they are supposed to be. I will check back after using and see if they have long life. BTW, packaging is very good.
4	Batteries ok ok , but a fan of their packaging.
4	Batteries seem to last a good amount of time. Good value. Much better than going to a wholesale place and ending up with a pack where 50 of them don't work.
4	Difficult to be excited about AA batteries but everything about the purchase was as advertised. They were well packaged and even arrived several days early. They are working well. My regret is that I did not order AAA batteries at the same time.
4	We have been using these batteries in some kids toys and they work fine. I haven't noticed them lasting longer or shorter than others. We normally purchase the Kirkland brand one from Costco, and these appear to be equivalent. Its great to have a large supply of batteries on hand when you have kids!
4	Batteries work perfectly. Only problem is the packaging is a little large. You will need to put them in a smaller container unless u have a ton of cupboard space.
4	Just started using this pack, and so far they've lasted as long as any leading brand battery. The price is also fair, for the amount that they offer you.
4	As expected
4	Good batteries. Love them
4	I looked at the math about the capacity and strength and longevity of different batteries and a lot of them are similar, including these, and these make the most sense price wise.I have tried HUNDREDS of rechargeable batteries and they get recharged a couple of times and then disappear. At a certain point they are just a waste of money.
4	Seems to be equal to any other brand of batteries I have used.
4	These appear to work better than Rayovacs. I only use Energizer/Duracell for smoke/CO2 detectors.In some kids toys, these have out performed Rayovacs, however, one sale, Rayovacs tend to be cheaper. I will continue to order these, especially out of convience, most likely on Subscribe and Save.
4	A good value but I'm still using them so don't know how long they will last. To be continued
4	I'm no battery expert, but based upon using these in the same devices that I've used name brand batteries, I notice no difference in performance. Notably, when I used them in a recording wrist pulse oximeter, the amount of time that these lasted was identical to all other brands.
4	Don't last very long, but hey they are super cheap
4	Still evaluating, but just bought some more because they work well with my applications and their price is the best.
4	Haven't use it, but looks good.
4	Took awhile to get here, but they seem fine.
4	Nothing really special, but they work just fine and aren't too expensive.
4	These aren't the greatest batteries but they work. We've found that they work best in computer accessories like a keyboard or mouse but do not last long in things like toy remote controlled cars. Anything that takes a big drain in short bursts off of them (like electric toy car motors) shortens the life of these batteries fast but things that only use a small amount of energy over a long period of time do a lot better. Some name brand batteries do very well with high drain electronics and last a lot longer than these but if you use these Amazon batteries on low draw electronics you'll get your money's worth.What I've found them good for: Keyboard, mouse, laser pointer, small LED flashlights, small noise making toys (plays music, electronic beeps)Not good for: Anything with an electric motor, toy cars, pencil sharpener, etc...They can be a good value depending on what you use them to power.
4	Only a good price when on sale. I can buy the same amount at Manards for 2 less not on sale
4	can't say they are the best batteries in the market. but considering the price!!! Other batteries with the same price would be much worse than this brand.
4	Works for me however jury is still out on how long these wilol last.
4	Cheap and good.
4	They're batteries. They're cheaper than Wal-Mart. What more could you want I don't have stats on whether they last longer than Duracell or Energizer, but at this price I don't think it really matters. The brand Amazon Basics has tons of useful stuff all the way from batteries to laptop bags and more. It seems like Amazon wasn't enough of a household name so they're trying to make it so everything in your house has the Amazon name on it, but I ain't mad let them take over. I just wish they had an Amazon Basics brand for disposable diapers.
4	Seems decent as far as life of the batteries. Good enough to stock up on these for emergencies.
4	they don't last as long but they're cheap
4	I'll keep this relatively brief. I use rechargeable, mainly Eneloop batteries for almost everything. Every once in awhile though I have something that doesn't need the more expensive batteries or are exposed to rougher conditions like remotes or outside hose timers where I just want something disposable. These work well for that. I would buy them again
4	First time user seems comparable to EverReady
4	Does the job. Seems to have good life. One complaint is that the batteries are in sealed groups of 4 which complicates opening them. A simple box of 48 loose would be much easier to deal with.
4	OK for general use, fairly cheap, esp compared to lithium. Consumer Reports lists Kirkland from Cosco as better performers and about the same price. I'm gonna try them next. Of course being delivered to your door in a hurry is always great.
4	great price and now I have them on hand whenever I may need a battery!
4	These batteries don't last as long as the top brands, but for the price I can't complain too much.
4	decent batteries. doesnt seem to last as long as better brands. use it for xbox 1 controller.
4	Decent batteries for a great price, idk if they last as long as energizer but so far so good, I will order more for Christmas for sure.
4	They don't last that long but, since you get so many, it doesn't matter that much.
4	Amazon Batteries! They got me on the price, but how's the performance! Honestly I can't tell cause who's counting I usually by pro cells because Sometimes I'm a pro. Just kidding but really i work in entertainment so we use pro cells but I bought a box of these just to keep handy and save the day when pro cells are not available. These really aren't that bad. Pro TIP: Make sure you dispose them properly so you don't kill the earth. I'd definitely buy these again. Now that I am a father, there's all kinda of other things to put batteries in. Also do not skimp out on your earthquake kit. It sounds like whatever but honestly you need to prepare folks!
4	They're a decent value for the amount of batteries (especially on Prime Day) you get. I use them mainly in remotes around the house and other devices, and I haven't had any issues with them leaking. They do drain a little faster than Duracell coppertops, but these are a far better value when caught on sale. I've used both the AA and AAA and they're both decent.
4	So far hasn't been bad but there have been a few batteries with really low life span.
4	Good value and dependable
4	These batteries are usually a good buy for the money. I have had leakage on one occasion and dead cells a couple of times, but overall I have been satisfied. I think these batteries are as good as any other on the market.
4	So far so good. Let's see how they hold up over time. Hope they hold their charge and don't leak.
4	EXCELLENT BATTERIES FOR THE PRICE.
4	As good as any of the big name brands. Only complaint is the very difficult to remove plastic from each group of four batteries. I appreciate that Amazon is concerned with reducing package size, but wrapping them in plastic isn't working for me. Would have been much better to use a small band to keep them together since they are in a tight cardboard box, it is unlikely they will short each other out, the band probably isn't even needed.
4	Produces DC voltage
4	Used in flash lights they lasted 4 days before they started to dim a bit.
4	When using these batteries in a professional camera flash (high powered device) they last only 3/4 as long as a similar duracell or energizer battery but for the difference in price I recommend these. In something like an xbox controller (low power device) they seem to last just as long.
4	yup...they are batteries and they work just fine
4	Cheaper than batteries from the store, with basically no sacrifice to funcitonality.
4	As cheap as the warehouse bulk store brands, seem to run at least as well. Output on several tested is right on at 1.5 volts, seem to work well for most applications. 24 cents each delivered is cheaper than I can find elsewhere.
4	Checking these out. Hope they work about as well as Duracell or Energizer. We'll see. Good price
4	Gifted with Xmas toys.
4	Good
4	Just a lot of batteries for a good price.
4	Seems to work just as well as other batteries. Good for using in toys. No complaints.
4	They seem to do well so far, I can't complain, good price and on time
4	work as well as any batteries
4	Can't beat the price. Alkaline is not the best tech - but it is a low cost battery. I'm NOT really okay that Amazon owns the marketplace and also competes against manufacturers like Duracell. They've got the upper hand. Something seems unfair about this situation. Amazon should not be competing with manufacturers - I won't buy these again. Right product wrong maker. Amazon will soon be making everything and shipping it directly in its own boats and aircraft from offshore. Is that good for me Yes, because it saves me money. Is it good for America Not really - it kills jobs. I'm going to pay a little bit more and buy my batteries elsewhere.
4	Good price. They works.
4	good batteries
4	Good batteries and arrived promptly.
4	Good batteries, Great price....
4	In all honesty, these batteries last about as long as any other brand. The only better thing about them is that they are cheaper.
4	It's hard to love a battery. All I can say is they work, and they seem to last as long as any others. The price is good, so I'm happy.
4	Pleased with the expiration dates, these are a good trade off, of cost and quality
4	They are batteries, folks. I just got them to have them available.
4	work as well as most any other battery
4	Work like my other batteries
4	Work well at a great price point.
4	Perfectly good batteries at a very low price when on sale.
4	Pretty good batteries, they seem to last quite a while in kids toys, similar to Energizer or Duracell.
4	I have many AA battery operated things in my house. I use flameless candles that come on every night and stay on for 6 hours. I go through batteries. It was getting pretty expensive at the store. Found these, ordered them. Using them. They seem to be a high quality battery, unlike some others I have purchased only to have them last half as long. These are great!
4	Between video game controllers, camera's, mp3's, and kids toys we go through batteries pretty quickly. I decided to give these a shot based on the price. I honestly was expecting they would drain quickly and only be good for low drain items like remotes. I'm happy to say I was wrong. They seem to last us just as long as the name brand batteries at a fraction of the cost.
4	Don't seem to last as long as Ray-o-vac but the price is right. My impression is subjective, I haven't done any controlled tests.
4	good batteries for the price. great for remotes and clocks, last a little less in cameras. still a great value for the price!
4	Great item for the price and found they last just as long as top named batteries out there. Can never have too many spare batteries around in case of emergency.
4	These are good little batteries for the price. They come wrapped four to a shrink wrap pack, the rest of the box seems sturdy. I tested a few out of the box and they all show 1.5 volts as they should!
4	Batteries are good, duracell might last just a tad bit longer but the price difference is not worth the extra . Kind of hard to review a batteries, but the packaging was easy to open and the batteries were neatly packaged.
4	Batteries seem to work alright, and fairly good price.Have purchased them many times now. It's amazing how many batteries you go through with all of the kids toys.I don't think these have corroded like some of the other house brands that we have bought over the years.
4	When I ran out of AA batteries, I of course came to Amazon to purchase more. As I am on a tight budget, I decided to go with the AmazonBasics brand. When they arrived, I immediately replaced the batteries in my Xbox controller. I noticed that the batteries did not last as long as the more popular name brands. (i.e. Duracell, Energizer, etc.) This is the only reason I have rated the product with 4 stars instead of 5. Everything else about these batteries is great. I am getting low already and will probably order them again.
4	Always need a battery for clocks, remote controls, shortwave radio, etc. These are inexpensive enough that I always have a replacement nearby when necessary. I don't know how they compare to the big name batteries but they seem fins for my uses and it is nice not messing around with chargers, etc.
4	Good quality, seem to last a good long time. Would compare to Energizer or Duracell.
4	I believe these are just fine, my kids use them and I have not heard any complaints.
4	Good batteries. Better than some off brand you'd find on Ebay or bulk supplier. Not as great as Duracell but close. I'll stick to buying these.
4	Good all purpose batteries. I can't tell the difference on the name brand stuff. It seems to be a good quality battery that lasts just as long as the others.
4	I think they are great for the price, if you want to spend more, buy rechargables
4	Can't find better quality batteries for this cheap, but I have a few devices, namely a BlackWeb wireless keyboard/trackpad combo that thinks it's dead with these batteries, but perfectly charged with Duracell. They work well in my Logitech mouse and I'm sure they will do fine in my Wiimote which is why I bought them.
4	Seems as good or better than name brand batteries.
4	Good price but seemed to last a little less time than the name brands (but the name brands were much more expensive)
4	pretty good life span, but not fantastic
4	Does not last like energizer brand
4	So far so good. Batteries last. Only issue I have had is the wrap around the batteries are a hair thicker than normal which makes them a very tight fit compared to others. I had a few ripp bc they didn't fit
4	Bought them for the grand kids toys at Christmas and they work fine but that's all I can tell you because it's only been 8 hours.
4	Good batteries and prick is right
4	Great price. Don't seem to last as long as some name brands, we go through them pretty quickly.
4	they last an average time, they are cheap and come very well packaged.If i need more I would buy these again.
4	They work as expected. They last at least as long as other brands and are less expensive.
4	What can you say, they are batteries and they work. Price was good when I purchased them..
4	WORKS FANTASTIC, EXCEED MY EXPECTATIONS, I WILL BUY IT AGAIN. GREAT PRICE, I CHECKED AND COULDN'T FIND IT CHEAPER ESPECIALLY WITH PRIME SHIPPING.
4	Good batteries for the price. Can't tell if it's the new light up report for Comcast or batteries but they go quickly.
4	They're batteries and they work. The real test is for how long LOL! I'll have to get back to ya on that down the road!
4	OK for the price.
4	Seems to be ok and lasting just as long as normall names..good dates which is so important
4	great for the price
4	Good batteries. They last just about as long as name brand and they're cheaper.
4	Inexpensive however I do feel that the power doesn't hold as much as other batteries that are around the same price like Best Buy's Dynex brand.
4	Good enough for the price...I use these as mouse batteries for remote keyboard....I seem to go through a lot of them in a year...but still...no way to compare if Duracell or some other brand would be lasting longer....This is cheaper and so I keeping buying them.
4	They could be a bit cheaper for their longevity but they are a good value overall.
4	These are good basic batteries. Probably not ideal for for things that need a high-performance battey, but for flashlights, remotes they are great and competitively priced.
4	They don't last as long as name brands. You save money ...that's all.
4	Good bargain for batteries! They're great for remotes and toys.
4	Batteries for my MP3 player it takes one I sleep with it every night and the battery lasted me two nights around 16 hours in total time
4	So far so good, they seem to last pretty long.
4	These batteries work fine in things that don't use too much power like wall clocks and TV remotes. However,I bought them primarily for use in my xbox one remote and they do not seem to last nearly as long as brand name batteries. That said, these batteries are so cheap that it is probably still worth buying these over name brand even though you may have to replace them more often.
4	Great prices. Don't last very long . Mostly used in my xbox one controller and am replacing them every other day
4	Not bad for the price only time will tell if good bye
4	Got these mainly for use in Xbox one controllers. They don't last quite as long as energizer lithium (I'd say maybe 75 as long) but for the quantity and price, its a good deal. Will continue to use.
4	good value for the amount of batteries
4	They last a long time.
4	They work as expected. Not as long of life as other batteries, but for the price they work well. I just use them for flashlights and remotes and bike lights.
4	Seems to have a short life span, but overall good item
4	Good batteries at a fair price.
4	does what batteries should do
4	Good price, well packaged. I have not used them for any real duration yet. They are shrink wrapped. However, unlike the 9 volt batteries, you can twist the package and get through the plastic wrapper.
4	Just like the real thing. Fit just like a battery.
4	So far so good.
4	arrived on time, first 4 I used had short life but remainder seems to have full power
4	Decent batteries. Seem like they do not last as long as Duracell or other brands.
4	Good Price but a short lifetime. If you use these batteries for any device on a regular basis, you cannot expect them to last very long.
4	Work well and good price.
4	They die a little faster than expected but hey their batteries when you need them
4	good price haven't had any go TU yet
4	I purchased these AmazonBasics batteries because I used a lot of batteries around the house and I was looking for the best value. I would say the convenience factor is there: I can stock up on these and I don't have to run to the store to pick up batteries. Compared to the Rayovac brand, which I have been using exclusively before purchasing these, I would say the AmazonBasics batteries give you just a bit less life. They do store well and perform well in most electronics that I've tested thus far.
4	AAA alkaline Amazon batteries, they have a good price and seems to be working well, I will buy them again.
4	not much to say about batteries, they do their job and seem to last a good amount of time. I like the price!
4	Work well, good price.
4	Good price. Only used a few so far but what we used seems to last.
4	good product
4	good price on lots of batteries..
4	They're batteries... What else can I say. They power anything that takes AA batteries and last just as long as the other Big brands.
4	Used for the led Amir motion detecting stick on lighting. Some battery batch didn't last long. The rest of the pack seems to be ok.
4	Good products. I like the Amazon batteries. The only reason they didn't get 4 stars is because you can't really use them in products that have a higher voltage demand. As the battery ages, it gets weaker. It lasts about as long as a normal Duracell or Energizer, but the output drops significantly as the product ages. They are great for remote controls, smoke detectors, etc. Not advisable for anything with moving parts or motors.
4	Always great batteries. Good buy for the price but not the longest lasting.
4	Everything OK: Good product, received on time, delivered undamaged.
4	Haven't conducted any testing so I'm not absolutely sure about how these compare for performance to Duracell, Energizer or Ray-O-Vac. Gut feeling is that they are about the same as Energizer and Ray-O-Vac in performance and I can sometimes get Ray-O-Vacs on sale at Home Depot/Lowes for a competitive price.
4	They work pretty good.
4	Was as advertised
4	I'm gonna buy some AAs on my next purchase.
4	Pretty good basic battery.
4	So far these batteries are good. I was getting so upset spending so much money for Duracell. Got these they have lasted so I will be using these.
4	they work well so far, cheaper than other batteries i have seen. hoping there wont be any leakage or anything.
4	Sometimes these outperform the bigger name brands. Mark the install date on them to prove it, a cheap way to find out yourself...js
4	Good price for a commodity item that is used around the house. Quantity is just enough so you have batteries on hand yet few enough to keep the stock fresh.
4	Excellent value, good batteries
4	Fine
4	Good price on multi pack of Alkaline Batteries.
4	Good value
4	great value, hopefully these are decent power batteries. Says they are Alkaline so I'm hopeful. If these last well they will be my battery of choice from now on. Note they are available at great price as an add on to any 25 order.
4	Long lasting life
4	They are batteries. They work. No problems.
4	Good Value for the amount of batteries you receive.Great for TV Controllers, basic items. Gaming Controllers eat through these rather quickly.
4	Good batteries that work well
4	This is my review on AmazonBasics AA Performance Alkaline Batteries (48-Pack) from AmazonBasics. I love the value pack....Lots of batteries for a decent price.....I am always needing batteries for something so it's nice to have them on hand when you actually need them....These AmazonBasics AA Performance Alkaline Batteries don't last long. Yes, there are other brands that last longer but for the price it's a deal.....
4	Good value here. They seem to last as long as the standard Duracell batteries that we used to buy.
4	For the price, one really cannot complain. It's a shame that batteries aren't this fairly priced everywhere. Amazon basics does it is again in my opinion. Good overall value.
4	good product, works as expected
4	As far as value goes, I haven't seen any better for a pack of 100 batteries. We go through them in ridiculous amounts with the kids toys, like rc cars and other stuff. My son has magic tracks, and those little cars take 3 at a time and eat through batteries fast. I have noticed they don't hold a charge as long as my rayovac and duracell did, but you do get a ton for the price with these. I found them pretty comparable to the drug store off brand ones. I'll still be back for more of these when we run out, especially when Alexa has them as a deal.
4	I am finally taking the time to review these purchases, I ordered these batteries because we seem to go through so many , it seems everything uses batteries these days. Thanks !
4	Batteries functionlime batteries. They don't hold their charge quite as long as some of the fancier expensive brands, but dollar for dollar they take the cake
4	Good value - About half the price as the ones in the store. I have been using daily for several weeks and still going strong. No issues with leaking like some cheaper batteries and they come in a box for storage. Will order again.
4	They're batteries! Does what it is supposed to do. Doesn't explode or leak. That's all I need, really.
4	Cant beat price
4	they seem to be okay just as good as what I usually buy only less expensive
4	These work perfectly. Zero leaks! I switched from the Kirkland Brand at Costco and these work perfectly fine. Zero problems with the shipping because the box is well packaged.
4	Great batteries for the price.
4	Great batteries for the price.
4	Great product. I always keep them handy to use on kids gaming controls and other miscellaneous items around the house.
4	Very good and just as good as named products.
4	Great batteries at a price that cannot be beat! I've used these now for a few months and they last just as long as the big name brands. No complaints!
4	Was more expensive than other batteries on amazon and the name brands are definitely better. Either buy these in bulk for a discount or go with the name brands for the same price.
4	Great Value Batteries, though I thought it'd last longer
4	Great batteries, but really dumb packaging. It's like they put each battery in one of those clamshells that cut you when you try to open them. Ok, I'm exaggerating, but they are individually wrapped which is super annoying when you need to use three of them. Very annoying to open.
4	Low costs batteries that work great with good extended lifetime.
4	Another great price for batteries!
4	Good decent quality batteries, fine for remotes, walkway lights etc without constant usage IE Gaming gear. Price is half of what is offered at both grocers and hardware stores in our area so go for it. I'll pen this a 5 star purchase after receiving both AA and AAA batteries while trying them out. . Nice packaging as well, easy open with no rollers in the drawer where I store them.
4	Good buy!
4	What more can you ask for. I will not buy Duracell again until I am certain their manufacturing mishaps have been fixed, I have had numerous Duracell batteries burst within the device they are powering lately. I cannot trust them anymore.
4	Great battery value but they don't last as long. I will order them a couple of more times to see how they work.
4	This is a great deal on bulk batteries, they seem to last a reasonable amount of time. They do not seem to last as long as the big name brands (this is based on how long between battery changes for my xbox one controller) .but for the savings it's well worth it.
4	great batteries works extremely well and we put it on our smoke detectors have to change them once a monthwill buy again
4	These batteries are a great buy, pretty much can't be beat for the price to quality ratio. I marked off one star because I don't believe they have lasted as long as the Energizer batteries I used previously, but it is not a big difference. I have been using these primarily to power a head lamp with band that I wear at work at night time out in the field. They provide the same brightness as the energizers but my light seemed to start getting dimmer a little sooner than with the energizers. There is not a big enough difference however to justify the price of energizers, therefore I will continue to purchase the AmazonBasics batteries for sure.
4	Good for the price but--while I am not sure--it seems a few were duds. Even so, the price point beats the field.
4	Great deal on batteries, I have a baby so lots of things need batteries around here and these are a great deal. I don't think they last quite as long as an energizer or Duracell but they are still comparable.
4	Great deal on batteries, however they tend to burn out pretty quick (compared to like a duracell). Price is still worth it!
4	Great batteries and 8 cheaper than the competitor that I normally buy!
4	Great deal!! So far so good.
4	Always quality, always on time. Love Amazon's batteries.
4	Not bad Amazon, not bad.The Good: Price, performance.The Bad: Longevity. If you're using these in anything that's going to see a bit of use, I'd just get the rechargeable which are great quality. For the price increase of some of the larger brands you will be able to replace the batteries several times before spending the same amount of money.
4	I would recommend a more expensive battery for running electronics like cameras or Nintendo ds but they work great for remotes and other little things that rarely need to have batteries replaced
4	These batteries are a great value. I got the 48 pack and for the most part, the did not disappoint. However, there were a few that did not work. Then again, i've always been pleased with Amazon's products and will continue to use them.
4	Great investment. I wouldn't rely on them in a high powered devices (even though I haven't tried them in anything other than computer mice and remote controllers) but I still have 90 of the batteries even after half a year of lying around. Great investment on batteries for when you need them.
4	Excellent deal for 36 batteries. I have found the batteries do not last quite as long as Duracell or other brands. Not as noticeable in remotes or such but flashlights will drain them quickly. They are still an excellent deal though.
4	Great price but they do not seem to last as long as other batteries....at least according to my sons who use them in their Xbox controllers.
4	Inexpensive and works just as well as a more expensive battery
4	These batteries are a great price. I need to use them and see how long they last before giving a higher review.
4	Great price! I finally put a big storage shelf in my garage so starting to stock up on things I use regularly. My only complaint is they are packaged in groups of four which is kind of a pain to unwrap each time you need them.
4	these are the only AA batteries i buy now, great price and outlasts any of the batteries from the big box stores
4	Great price and they work- can't ask for more then that. How does Amazon do what they do- good price, great customer service, and they are very profitable. What a great business model!
4	Good price, but have not had enough time to find out how long they last compared to other name brands.
4	Great deal for the amount of batteries. Good battery hang time, mainly used in cree led flashlights nothing to high drain.
4	You can't beat the price on these batteries, but unsurprisingly, they don't last nearly as long as name brand ones.
4	Great price to replace all those batteries in electronics. Seems to last about as long as the major brands.
4	So far so good. I use these in a flash unit for photography. While not fully running off the batteries as I have an external battery pack they do work well.
4	Great price! What can I say, besides that they work and so far haven't showed less quality from a brand name battery.
4	Not sure what else to say other than these are cheap batteries. Great price.
4	Great price. They're batteries.
4	Great price. Worked well for us so far.
4	Exactly what it says basic haha, great product not the best, but definitely worth the price.
4	You cannot get a better battery for the price. Only thing I hate is the packaging.
4	Received as promised
4	A great buy!! The seem to last just as long as brand names in the devices I use them in
4	Can't go wrong with AmazonBasics batteries - quality at a great value.
4	Great quality and low cost for all the kids toys that constantly need batteries. I use these over rechargeable because there just more practical for certain types or toys,remotes, controllers to just replace the them
4	Great value for the money.
4	great value for the price
4	Nice and cheap last just as long as the expensive ones that claim they last twice as long than the others. Had a few duds from the others and these so no big complaints.
4	One of the best deals on batteries Ive ever gotten. I feel like they are just about as good as Duracell or Energizer but for this price you cant deny the value. Ill be buying Amazon batteries in bulk like this from now on. It's close enough to the major brands for me to switch and enjoy the value.
4	Their basic AA batteries. I haven't done any detailed tests, but they seem to be working as well as any Alkaline batters we've purchased before. They are a great value as they are much cheaper per battery than any of the other name brands.
4	These are good batteries, Durability equal to the expensive ones
4	These batteries last as long as the name brand ones and are a great value. Absolutely a must have around Christmas time, I plan to also purchase the AA pack next time.
4	Second time ordering these and it probably wont be the last. Very impressed with the run time and the price is right (especially if you are a Prime member.) It's been proven to me over many years both by my own research and feedback from customers that when it comes to branded alkaline batteries the differences between Energerzier, Duracell, Radio Shack, Panasonic Ray-O-Vac and Amazon are so negligible as to make price the real deciding factor
4	Exactly as described. Packed neatly, arrived on time. It will take a long time to use all of these batteries! I haven't had any issues with the battery life. Work fine!
4	Great price on a value pack. Battery life is OK. Use for Wii remotes. Lasts long enough for your moneys worth.
4	I purchased these a little while back. We go through batteries pretty fast in my house and I think that these are just as good as most batteries that I am willing to pay for. The price was right and that is the biggest factor for me when it comes to choosing batteries.I would recommend these to others, but at the same time.. if you are used to duracell batteries or another popular brand, these may not be right for you. You may consider buying them and comparing them directly to duracell and determining if the cost effectiveness is better with these or the duracell.Hopefully this helps you to make an informed decision. I will continue to buy these batteries myself.I would give it a 5 star review if the batteries lasted a bit longer.
4	These batteries last as long as the more expensive ones, such as Duracell or Energizer. I will definitely buy again!
4	Bought these for an APRS unit mounted on my motorcycle. Eight batteries worked flawlessly for almost 6 hours of constant tracking, and still have plenty of charge to go on.
4	Great price and with a name like Amazon I feel these are going to be good. I bought for my daughter because I gave her something that she needed 27 (yes!) batteries for. Great value and plan on getting again if they work like I think they will. Only a 4 star rating because I don't know how long they'll last. So far so good
4	Is it just me, or is it a huge challenge keeping enough batteries on hand. It's easy just to order a bulk box of these rather than take a beating at retail price. I'm not sure they are up to Energizer or Duracell standards, but they do the job ok. No complaints so far.
4	These batteries are awesome for kids toys that don't have moving parts and only music. Also works great in remotes and things like that. Great value for what you get. Would definitely recommend to a friend.
4	They work great used all of them in 2 min on all my Kids GEOtrax trains.
4	While these batteries usually meet my expectations, I had a dud that drove a clock for only 1 week, which is about 51 weeks less than I expected. I will still buy again as the price is right.
4	The number of batteries for the low price hands down an excellent cost effect deal
4	Worked very well but I did not compare power density to other alkaline bateries
4	Seems to work well I haven't been using them long, but have not had any problems
4	Arrived on time and so far they are holding just as good as the more expensive name brands out there, I will buy these again.
4	Long lasting batteries and great price!
4	Nice!
4	Have only installed a couple at this time. I have had other batteries brands that would last, but has acid leaks that sometimes damaged items.
4	Good
4	Another way Amazon makes my life easier!
4	arrived fast. I believe one of the batteries was defective but still overall good quality.
4	Since I have bought these batteries, I do not feel like I am changing batteries as often as I were before using Rayovak. I will say however they do not last more than a couple days of hard play on the XBOX one controllers.
4	Batteries came charged, I guess that's a good thing
4	I have been using Amazon Basics products for about 2 years and have always found them to be first rate. The batteries last as long as the name brand batteries and cost a lot less.
4	I like the batteries. Seem as good as the main brands - However I do not understand why amazon has to use such wasteful packaging in a bulk box. Why pack it in sets of 4 when package is a box. It does not serve any role and just adds to landfills.
4	I love the volume price, but these batteries don't seem to last as long as the Dollar General alkaline batteries I typically purchase.
4	I still have not found an alkaline battery that outlasts a Duracell, but for the price, these are hard to beat. They've managed quite well in both an LED lamp and a wireless computer mouse. I'll be purchasing them again, for sure.
4	Until lately 99 of the AA and AAA batteries I bought were Duracell brand. Its not that Ive found any brand to be that much better or that much worse than another but I tend to stick with what works for me. And for those things that I use disposable batteries in (I try to use rechargeables whenever I can) Duracells seem to work out the best. And they are the brand that the membership store sells so I can get them at a reasonable price whenever Im shopping for supplies.I took a chance on buying Amazon Basics brand for a couple of reasons. One is that Ive had good luck with the Amazon Basics brand I dont think Amazon is going to mess up their reputation selling junk. One strong factor is that these claim to be made in Japan, and Japanese-made batteries from Panasonic, Sony, Maxell and other major name brands have a good reputation. But the 1 reason I tried these is price. They are 10-15 cents less PER BATTERY than what Ive been buying and it doesnt make sense to me to pay more if Im not getting any more.These have an overall feeling and look of being made pretty well. Its easy to spot a cheap no-name battery and these are definitely better. They are bulk packed, which is great, why pay more for fancy packaging on something as mundane as a battery And theyre fresh you know thats going to be true with Amazons immense daily turnover of product. If you are reading the reviews, be aware that Amazon has been making regular upgrades to this battery, so something reviewed a year ago is probably long obsolete by now. The biggest change I understand is the shelf life of the newest formulation is now rated at 10 years. I dont really care, theres no way a box of batteries is going to sit on my shelf for 10 years but it does mean that when I get to the 48th battery out of a package of 48 it probably will be nearly as fresh as the first one in the pack.I havent been able to see any downsides, and I do like saving money that would be wasted for fancy packaging and expensive advertising, so unless something drastically changes I believe these will now be my brand of choice.
4	I've tried a lot of different batteries for my headlamps and they seem to last the longest and have the lowest price on a per battery basis. I have been using the Amazon batteries for about six months now. I guess the battery can never last as long as I think it should last so I gave it the four stars for that reason.
4	I use this mostly for my thermostat and it seems to last me about 3 weeks or so. I kind of expected it to last at least a month.
4	These batteries hold a charge well. I have used the generation of batteries before these (the green ones) for many years in my computer mouse and keyboard and my camera flash. I would image these would be as good or better.
4	Fast delivery. Good value!
4	I'm confident that the batteries are good, but the packaging is less than convenient. Price can't be beat.1. The sticker on the battery cardboard package was quite hard to pull off. 2. The tab that opens the package was so tight that I had to pry it with a table knife. 3. After all that struggle I still had to cut away tight plastic on two packs of batteries! I'm used to my batteries in a plastic case/dispenser. This was an ordeal!
4	These batteries work just as they should and only cost a fraction of the price of regular ones. I'm happy with them.
4	I'm impressed worth the life of these batteries, still going strong after printing 3 cartridges worth of labels on my dymo labeler.
4	I don't notice any difference between these batteries and premium brand name ones They seem to last just as long, and at a great price.
4	I've used these exclusively for my two Xbox One controllers and have not tried any other batteries in them. They lasted for about 48 hours of play time before running out. That seemed quick to me but I don't have anything to compare it to. These were the right price. I will order again when I remember to order batteries before I need them.
4	Each battery only lasts a few days on my wireless mouse.Update: the problem is actually with my mouse or computer other batteries are also draining too fast. Nevertheless, it would be good if these Amazon batteries stated their capacity.
4	In clocks and light load these batteries work good. In something that draws more power like a hand-held labeler they do not live long
4	Relatively inexpensive (I guess the multiplack of Kirkland batteries sold by Costco would be cheaper, but I didn't want to buy a ton of these, I needed them quickly and they were delivered right to my Mom's house in two days....well worth it), and they seem to work well...only time will tell if they hold up in the Fulcrum 30010-301 LED Battery-Operated Stick-On Tap Light, Silver, 3 Pack I purchased along with them
4	The batteries work well for the price. It is a good valve
4	I can never have too many batteries - so many little things from remotes to flashlights. It is great to know I don't have to rake through drawers looking for batteries.
4	Price is right, but doesn't seem to hold as long of a charge as some of the other name brand batteries.
4	I have yet to be disappointed by an Amazon Basics product, to me a battery is a battery it's the cost I look at. These were the lowest cost per battery on the site.
4	C'mon it's batteries they work they were a good price
4	They don't last as Duracell or Energizer. For the price, it's a good buy.
4	It's what you would expect from a good battery. Really not a lot to say. Expiration date was good. Another dependable Amazon product!
4	it's a good deal for the price but I don't seem to get much longevity out of them. I'm not done with them and will actually match them up against other batteries and will update.
4	Good Batteries.
4	Batteries worked well, just as well as the store bought ones but at a better price
4	I think my favorite thing is that they come in the convenient box. Keeps my junk drawer a lot neater without having batteries rolling around or stuck in baggies. Otherwise, they're just batteries. I haven't noticed any difference from the duracells and energizers I used to use.
4	these are okay, not as good as Energizer, but cheaper
4	Lasted an average amount of time for batteries that I normally use in my Xbox controllers. Definitely worth the price tho.
4	These night lights are worthless. They do not work as described on Amazon.
4	I just wanted to comment that I feel the individual 4-pack packaging is unnecessary. I personally don't have anything that takes four batteries. Several twos and a lot of threes. I'd prefer a box full of loose batteries rather than having to search around for a knife to cut free what I need.
4	liked it
4	Long Lasting and nice.
4	If you're looking for cheap but durable batteries look no further. I personally like amazon products. I know I can count on them as much as a named brand, but for a 1/4 of the price. I got these on Prime day for a great price and the last a OK amount of time. I used them on my xbox controller, but i think it soaked up more power than I thought so the batteries died with in a month or so. Its not like I keep track, but noticing the controller shutting off was what lead me on to the life of the batteries. I have enough to last me a year or so. Again, good buy. If you're looking to save money from the expensive name brands, go with a Amazon brand product its becoming more common and competitive as a name brand product.
4	I find these batteries last longer than Duracell. I use it on small light that stays on for 4 hours 5 nights a week. Great product from Amazon.
4	So far, so good! Works and last as well as the most expensive named brand.
4	Seem good quality. Will update after seeing how they last.
4	Same for these AA batteries as for the AAA batteries.
4	Great batteries! I have nothing negative I can say about this product. They work just as well as any name brand product you would buy off the shelf at any store except these are probably one quarter of the price.
4	Lot of batteries for the price and the seem to work just as well as any name brands I have tried in the past.
4	So far so good as far as batteries go. I order them under subscribe and save. Makes the price even better and we always have plenty for our toddler.
4	Good Deal!
4	Meet expectations.
4	I'm sure they will meet my needs. Thanks.
4	They work but clearly don't last as long as name brand batteries. If you want low cost batteries then buy these.
4	They work well I really did no comparison to other brands but the price was a great deal less .
4	What can I say, when I have nothing to say, but I have to in order to leave feedback
4	It seems every toy my 2 year old currently owns has batteries in it for the price, I can't find a better deal on a battery than these.I don't know about all that fancy ratings that other reviewers write about, but I know when I put these in a toy for my son, he starts smiling again. That's all I need from a product.
4	I'm the kind of person that always stocks batteries. With a small child that has lots of toys (not to mention my own toys) you never know what size batteries you'll need. C is a size only a few of my devices use. One is a lantern and the other is an electronic pest deterrent that I have to keep the deer away from my growing trees. I have always purchased the big two name brands in batteries and I always make sure to buy Alkaline batteries. My love for Amazon and their AmazonBasics products brought me to these and with the Amazon pricing and quality, I figured I couldn't go wrong.These batteries come in easy to open packaging and have the same shelf life as competing brands. I bet that one of those two brands makes these batteries for Amazon and simply private labels their name on them, as the quality is obviously there. I see no difference in longevity, shelf life, size or quality. If you're looking to save a few bucks but still have a top performing battery, look no further than AmazonBascis alkaline batteries. I hope you found my review helpful!My reviews are my opinions of the product received and just my opinion. Everyone is different and could have a different opinion of a product. I do not receive any monetary payment for my reviews, and I always keep them honest. So no need to worry whether or not my review is genuine, because it is. Also if you found this review helpful marking it as so would be greatly appreciated thanks!
4	I have no qualms about the quality of these batteries.I only wish that every 4 batteries were not individually wrapped.
4	The package just arrived and all seems well. I have no information on the life of these batteries. If they do well I would be glad to give them 5 stars.
4	great price - perfect for what I needed it for
4	These don't last quite as long as Duracell, but for the price it's hard to complain. Nice basic batteries. No issues except for slightly shorter lifespan.
4	Nice to have a easy to access package that doesn't allow the batteries to just keep falling out once opened like most battery packages.
4	I like that I can order these on-line with Prime shipping directly to my house in a few days. I use a lot of batteries during the holidays starting with Halloween through Easter. Not a bad price and they seem to last awhile.
4	No complaints.
4	They work great and a price nicely
4	Batteries work great. As expected. No issues with delivery or life span on batteries.
4	No problems here! Using these for a variety of things, mostly just remotes and Xbox controllers though they have also been used in an external DSLR flash with no problems.
4	Not as good as name brand but worth the price.
4	Don't last quite as long as name brand, but worth the money.
4	not bad
4	They don't last as long as the major brands, but for the price you can't beat it.
4	not even sure if the price and quantity you get are just as comparable than other leading brands. these seem not to hold a long lasting charge
4	Arrived as advertised and ahead of schedule. Not quite as long lasting as a major name brand but good for the price point.
4	nothing special - seem to work just fine but won't know how they stand up to name-brand batteries for quite a while
4	Nothing much unusual or extraordinary to say here: they're batteries, and they work fine. Probably only really worth it if you either are patient about shipping, or have Prime. Otherwise, you're not missing much by getting some batteries from the grocery store or somewhere vs. these.
4	Decent quality. Of course Great seller )
4	These seem to last almost as long as the pro cell.
4	the charge holds a bit
4	THEY ARE OK.
4	they seem to work well, not super impressed but sufficient.
4	Serves the purpose. Good for the price.
4	they ok same as others
4	What can I say... I need them, they work, and they're less expensive.
4	Ordered these for items i received from Amazon and they were packagedwell and preformed perfectly. Will definitely order moreAmazonBasics batteries. Da HYP
4	Much better quality than the Eveready batteries I normally purchase at a discount store. My telephone headset eats through batteries which is why I don't like to spend too much on them - the first time I used these batteries they outlasted them!
4	Haven't used them, they look fine. Probably overpaid. They arrive in a fancy cardboard box, like they're collectibles or something.
4	Having had a problem with Duracell batteries, (most of them destroyed electronic items of mine, even leaking in the original wrapper) I noticed that the cheap Chinese batteries that come with items have given me no problem. I decided why should I pay the price for a name brand and have practically every one start leaking (all before the use by date). So far these batteries have been just fine. I'll continue to use them and check the condition a little more often.
4	With alot of kids and toys in the house we have been running through hundreds of batteries. Yes hundreds, no typo. I have found these batteries to have the perfect balance of cost vs longevity. They dont last the longest but theyre priced just right to make it worth it. I would recommend to anyone that needs batteries in bulk.
4	We got these for our TV remote. We didn't need such a large package, but it was the cheapest option, so we went ahead and purchased the 20 pack. It was great to be able to save money over the name brands, and since it was Amazon brand, we figured they would be good quality (and we were right). It was also awesome to be able to get them in 2 days, since our TV buttons are very hard to use so the shorter time without a remote, the better!Work great. Probably won't run out of AAA anytime soon, but would consider buying other sizes when needed.
4	Pleasantly surprised with these batteries. Powered my son's toy tablet quite well along with other remote control cars that they use.
4	Are a gift , haven't given yet
4	These were super reasonably priced. They last about as long as the dollar store ones, so if you have wall clocks or remotes that need 'em, you're good. If you have high-drain stuff, they'll burn up pretty quick. But it's still cool to have tons of AAs on hand.
4	So far so good. I haven't noticed them dying fast so they are much better than your off brand cheap knock off ones. We shall see how long they last.
4	Not bad. I cannot verify how awesome they are, but I'm not complaining about dead batteries all the time, so they must be pretty good.
4	Price and Quality Tops
4	Great batteries for great price.
4	I haven't even used one yet but I suspect they will work. I stocked up on these because I have a lot of stuff that uses AAA's and it is a super price.
4	Battery Ninja tested these AmazonBasics AA's in toothbrushes I did some calculations and found that these batteries offer a reasonable price per unit of power (mWh), but that they do not carry as much energy as others. The test results show that these batteries will run out faster than others, at least in the toothbrushes. There were no test results vs. digital cameras, photo flashes, or toys, so I'm extrapolating that these will perform like Rayovacs, not like Duracell Coppertops.
4	These batteries seem to hold up as well as any other batteries I've used and they are cheaper than the name brand batteries I had been using.
4	Basic batteries at a good price. It is such a convenience to have them delivered to me. I will be reordering them for sure.
4	Good quality and long lasting batteries. No problems and I will order again.
4	So far, so good. I like how Amazon provides reliable basics that I can easily order through Prime and save myself a trip to the store.
4	I am not going to lie, these batteries are pretty good, they last a long time and they have a good price tag. I have noticed that these last very slightly little less time then higher brands but for the money I would recommend.
4	I have switched to AmazonBasics brand after trying just about every brand there is. Good, reliable batteries.
4	Good price and arrived on time. Waiting to see how long they last
4	Perfectly respectable battery.I have been using Duracell batteries almost exclusively since I first went to sea in the 1970s. No complaints then. Still no complaints.I bought some of these AmazonBasics batteries just to try them out. Nothing scientific--other reviewers have done that well enough.Basically I'm satisfied. When I'm at sea I'll probably stick with Duracells, but these Amazon Basics are getting the job done at home.
4	Don't seem to last as long as the big name brands, however, for the price you will get more run time per money spent.
4	Seem like good batteries and a fair price.Just seems like they are always out of stock and thentakes a long time to ship them out when the do have them.
4	Work very well and seem to last
4	Seem to last , time will tell will up date later.
4	Seem to be working out as promised. I just purchased them within the lst month and used reviews of others to choose them.
4	Seem to work fine
4	Seem to work just fine. Just as good as the big name brand batteries from what I can tell, maybe a bit better.I like the packaging.
4	Bout to go with an rc truck. Seems to be holding power as good as Energizer
4	Seems to be working as well as the duracell ones that I purchase from Costco. Comparable value and I didn't have to go to the store for them!
4	seems to last as long as other batteries.
4	as good as Duracell and the Bunny
4	Shipped fast and so far lasting like other major brand batteries.
4	Didn't seem to last long
4	Batteries don't last very long
4	should have bought the bigger pack, used most of these up already, forgot how much stuff I had that uses AAA batteries.
4	Simple, basic batteries. They do the job and they do it well. The charge is on par with many of the brand name batteries. A little bit more expensive than what I would prefer and that is why I give it 4 stars.
4	Seems to be good batteries so far
4	So far so good on battery life and shipping program. Love that these come in an easy to access box with stress free packaging. I'm still measuring them against my name brands but do wish there was an offering in rechargeable.
4	So far so good, will update rating when finished
4	So far so good....work as well as brand name batteries and cost much less
4	Time will tell how well they perform. They are a little less expensive than Energizer and if they perform as well I'll re-order them.
4	So far so good BUT the test of a good battery is how long they last so stand by for an update later.
4	Only time will tell if they work as good as their price. I'll update the review when I know more.
4	I haven't calculated the life VS cost break-even, but these have worked well in all of my devices. I would order again just because of the bargain and convenience.
4	so far these batteries seem to do well.... they were a little more expensive than the memorex batteries but I wanted to try them.... so far so good
4	I have been using these batteries for about a month now and the half I have used have performed very well. The Batteries I inserted into 3 items when they arrived are still working.So far I have found no bad batteries included in my order.Would recommend based on performance of the batteries I have used so far.
4	So far, so good.Good price. Good performance.....so far.
4	So far, so good.
4	This is a solid product from Amazon Basic. I will happily order these again and again.
4	These batteries are great for remotes, but I'm on the fence when it comes to a video game controller. Since I can't say how many actual hours of performance we are getting per use in the controller, I've just noticed that there are more frequent trips to the closet to replace them than usual. Although, it was over the summer and game time was higher than usual.
4	working good.
4	As other reviewer commented, thank you, these batteries expiration date was 5+ years off when we purchased them. We've not had any problems with any of them. Many applications just do not do well with those rechargeable batteries, so these fit the bill nicely.
4	I was so glad to see these batteries in large quantities on amazon!!! I am so tired of paying so much for them at local retailers for packages much smaller. I plan on buying them from here from now on and keeping all my battery operated candles and lights in full use! The only reason I did not give these a 5 star rating is that I haven't used them yet but I usually by generic brands from the locals so these are probably going to be a better quality.Our household really goes through these daily for remotes, candles, string lights whatever....you name it we need batteries for it. :)
4	Thanks for your review
4	The batteries are good and I have enjoyed the use of them but why do you package 4 batterie at a time with plastic. It's a hassle to unwrap. I feel like they are prepackaged for a trip to mars
4	Not a single one was a failure and not a single one leaked. Overall a good product.
4	solid AAA batteries that last na expected ammount of time. packaging easy and this is a seriously convenient option. Will always use this now as the price point and convenience make any other batteries a less economical choice.
4	There was a deal somewhere where I could get 48 AA batteries, I wish I could get that deal for these batteries.
4	These alkaline batteries appear to be of good quality and provide excellent power output to my devices. Only time will tell if they provide long life in storage without leaiagel
4	These are a great price compared to buying brand name batteries at the store. I will definitely have enough AAA batteries to last a lifetime now haha. They have been working well since I got them, and I'll try to give an update on when they start to run out of power. My only complaint is that I wish they didn't package the batteries in the plastic film. I feel like the box was sturdy compact enough as is without the need for extra trash waste.
4	These are a great price. I'm not sure they last as long as a name brand battery, but they get the job done.
4	These are fine, for the price but not as Duracell
4	These are good batteries, but they don't seem to last as many charges as some other brands I have used. They start to last a shorter time between charges. They were much less expensive than the other batteries so it probably all evens out.
4	These are great batteries without paying the premium for name brands. Our kids go through batteries like their potato chips, so its nice to get a good product at a reasonable price.
4	These are great for the price! They do tend to die slightly faster than other batteries, but overall they are great for what you pay. I would recommend these to anyone looking for basic batteries. The come in a plastic wrap which is easy to open. The same can't be said about some battery brands.
4	Now I have many batteries. No need to press Charges, officer. They know not, WATT they do.Is good batteries.
4	Arrived on time, battery doesn't last very long though even when fully charged, so that's my only concern.
4	These batteries are good, last long, but are temperamental. My electric trash can opens on a motion sensor. It worked great with the batteries for about a month, but then the trash can couldn't draw enough power in order to raise the lid. Then another week rolls by and the trash can works fine. I don't know if its the batteries or the trash can, but Im assuming its the batteries. Other than that, they work fine in everything else.
4	These batteries are great and last very long I would definitely recommend them to a friend or family over the Duracell brand better pricing
4	These batteries work great. I would say comparable to top brands. We've used some for approximately one month and they are still going strong.We are currently using them in our game controllers and a clock...Will update as needed
4	These seem to be normal AAA batteries. can't comment yet on life expectancy but for the price they could stand to be near the bottom performance and still be an okay value.
4	We normally like to use rechargeable batteries but we have a few items that say not to use them so we bought these to use in those items. These batteries seem to work well so far everything is going well with them. They seem to be lasting okay, we did have a couple that seemed to run down quickly, we are chalking that up to the fact that my son left the device they were in on for an extended amount of time.We will continue to use the rest of the batteries and see how the rest of them perform. I will post an update if we find we have anymore that rundown quickly.
4	These work pretty well, we used them for long term use in our Christmas candles for the whole month of December and they lasted the whole month.
4	While these surely don't last as long as big brand batteries, they are a good substitute when your kids have 5000 toys that required 3-8 batteries a piece! They do the job and power those things up just as any other battery brand would.
4	they are batteries and they make my battery powered stuff work so im not sure how this could get a low rating. for the price well worth it. that said they don't seem to last quite as long as other name brands.
4	These have been a much improved highly accepted battery replacement for the last order of Orange boxed Pro-Cells we received.Duracells were so short lived, it was necessary to get them out of service due to unstable charge, and even seals leaking and ruining devices.Amazon Basics items have been a way to save money consistently, and get quality that some manufacturers are skimping on.These have been no exception.They are dated: 2026, and I have no doubt they are a great buy.As of now these are powering many devices, and none have shown any questionable service.
4	They arrived on time, as described, and have been powering the PIR lights I ordered for a few weeks now with out needing to be changed. I have no reason to complain.
4	I find myself wishing these had more capacity, but I'm also using these exclusively for a camera flash, so the nature of the beast is: high drain, changing out batteries often. They do the job, but don't expect energizer lifespan out of these guys.
4	They seem like a good value, thus far. If they last as long as expected, 5 stars may be in order.
4	They seem like quality batteries. I have used them in multiple devices and don't see any difference between them and name brand.
4	They seem to be lasting but only time with tell the quality of them. I wouldn't expect them to be bargain basement batteries. Probably somewhere between Rayovac and Duracell.
4	I've only used four so far so can't give five stars yet. They seem to be working fine but I'm not going to test one to destruction so it will be a feel I get over time.
4	They seem to work well. I've only used three of the pack thus far, but that item is still going strong.
4	good Batteries
4	On par with most other name brands in length of time use
4	What can I say about a battery
4	They're batteries. They work as they should. They should last 5 years: hopefully so.
4	For some reason I thought I was buying rechargeable ones as these showed up in the results when I typed in rechargeable AAA batteries in the search box. Must not have paid too much attention, oh well. They work as well as the so called high end long lasting brands and I'm still glad that I have them, as it's nice to have extras on hand.
4	I was intending to buy rechargeables, but bought these by mistake. They work fine though.
4	They work fine. Not the longest lasting battery but dollar for dollar they do just fine
4	They are batteries and they work. I don't think they last as long as some of the more expensive batteries but really its hard to tell.
4	They work we... Maybe don't last as long as the high dollar batteries, but the price makes up for that.
4	Not bad. They do the job and so far so good.
4	They're batteries. They seem to last as long as big name brands for much less cost.
4	As with my review of the other batteries I reviewed, they're batteries. They all work and provide approximately 1.5vdc as supposed to.
4	CheapDon't last all that long
4	For the price, this is a great product. However, it definitely does not last as long as Duracell. Estimate time use is only about 1/2 or 1/3 of Duracell battery. Would buy again just because the pricing for the amount is still better.
4	Seemingly sufficient at a good price!
4	Works as expected. Time will tell if AAA from amazon are a better value.
4	Useful triple A rechargeable batteries that will always come in handy.
4	The sole noticeable difference between these and the big name brands is price.Side by side, they work almost exactly as long as the copper tops. Which makes me wonder who makes these.
4	works as you would think..grat price
4	Value for money
4	KInda look like .357 rounds, eh Seriously, great value and surprisingly good lifespan.
4	Great price for AA batteries. I needed a lot of them to maintain battery-powered Xmas window candles. These seem to be working fine. Easy-open cardboard package is very convenient.
4	Hi folks... these are just good all around batteries. Used them for years.
4	These are great- I use these and the AAA and they've performed well for me. I'm giving 4 stars because I haven't formally tested them but I do order them regularly.
4	Very good batteries. Much cheaper than the others.
4	Work fine, very good price, good batteries! Word to the wise check the good to date on the Batteries, if possible! Some places lower the prices when close or past good to date. Past a good chance or bad of leakage.
4	The Amazon product line seems to have decent products. These batteries are no exception. There are many reviewers who will say these batteries are terrible, good, great, awesome, unsurpassed, etc. It seems the general consensus is these batteries are great for their intended purpose.First, I recommend you take a look at C (https://www.amazon.com/gp/pdp/profile/A35H8Y36S43CSG/refcmcrdppdp) review. This is a highly credible review as he put in his time and effort to test the batteries out. With that said, here are my two cents on batteries I have previously bought on Amazon:Rayovac: Smart choice for your portable digital electronics, lasting just a little less long as other leading brands. They are perfect for powering low-drain devices like clocks, radios, remote controls and low-powered flashlights. If you're looking for an affordable and reliable battery, get these. But it only works for me on 3-5 uses using my eyelash curler. These are good and cheap batteries. I use them for simple things that don't require a lot of power, such as my computer mouse. They do not last long, but for the price I pay I don't expect them to. if I want a quick battery that isn't going to cost more than a couple dollars I usually go with these.Duracell:Despite the shorter use by date (3/2021) than my recently purchased Energizer Industrial AAA alkalines (12/2026), these ProCell (Duracell) alkaline AAA cells have the highest open circuit voltage I've ever measured. I admit to being a price shopper, opting for 48 for 15 (Prime) rather than 24 for 11. If I get results similar to the ProCell AA and D cells I recently purchased, the AAA's should be good performers. Sadly, they are a too-tight fit to use in my recent Surefire Titan (flashlight) one AAA cell LED flashlight - but that is on the Surefire. I received decent life on these batteries besides using them in a flashlight (remote control car, remote, smoke alarm (7 months) and others. Good batteries for the right price.Energizer:I have used these in my mouse for my computer, my Xbox 360 Remote and my cable box remote. Part of me feels like these didn't last as long as they could have, but my mouse never gets shut off and my Xbox gets used relatively often (I'm not a gamer, but I use the system to watch movies).I read other reviews where people say that one of the sellers is selling used batteries I didn't have that experience. Mine arrived in a package that didn't seem to have been tampered with prior to shipping.I just ordered some Duracell Procell batteries. I want to see if they'll last longer than these did and they did not.Energizer Lithium:I put these batteries into all of the electronic Z-wave door locks that I own, because the Duracell alkaline batteries that I had been using were dying very quickly (they'd only last a about 2 months, and rechargeable ones would only last 3-4 weeks). The locks are very low-drain because most of the time they are just sitting there, but when you unlock or lock it uses a large burst of energy. And that's exactly the type of device that lithium batteries are recommended to be used in. I installed these about 4 months ago and they're all still showing 100 charge in my system control panel! Granted it only moves in 25 levels so it could be anywhere from 76-100, but still even if it depleted at a rate of 25 every 4 months that means they'll be good for at least 1 year before being replaced. That's about 6x longer than alkaline batteries would last, or if they live up to the claim of 8x then I'll get 16 months out of them. Either way I'll be saving a lot of time and money not having to swap out batteries every few months, I can now put it on my yearly to-do list instead.I also use the 9V batteries in my smoke detectors, and according to the specs they should only need to be changed every 10 years instead of the 2 years that I was getting with alkalines. Sure they are 5-7x more expensive (depending if you buy in bulk or not), but I'll gladly pay that price to not have to get up on a ladder in the middle of the night to swap out beeping smoke detector batteries all the time.Amazon Basics Batteries:The only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because you can't really use them in products that have a higher voltage demand like you would get with the Energizer lithium. For the most part, they will perform like all the major brand with the exception of Rayovac. I find these last longer than then. As for regular Energizer and Duracell, I feel the difference is negligible. Some may or may not last longer than the Amazon brand while the others WILL last longer. I suppose it depends on the application they are used for.So in turn, yes I would recommend these to the typical consumer. The price is cheaper, the quality should be comparable to the rest. I would give them a try. If they are crappy then youre out a couple of bucks. Probably the same price when you decided to order the liver and onions you didnt like at so and so :P
4	All are working as they should. Very good purchase.
4	Good quality batteries at a reasonable price.
4	These are hard to beat when it comes to price, but I have found that they do not last as long as Energizer or Duracell. They come close, I think, but definitely not as long. I use AA batteries primarily in my iMac bluetooth keyboard and mouse, for what it's worth. Still, these amazon batteries are significantly cheaper, so it all probably evens out.
4	They were very good
4	We aren't running out of batteries now for game controllers. They seem to work just as well as any name brand.
4	Nice batteries for the price. Second time I've bought these.
4	Went through these fast at a wedding I shot. Used these in my external flashes. I'm sure it was the power of the lights but man they went quick. Lots of bang for your buck though!
4	What can I say. They're AA Alkaline Batteries and they're affordable.-1 Star because the packaging was GIGANTIC compared to the size of the actual batteries.
4	These are fine and the price is right. I normally get the box of 48 Maxell batteries and... this is not objective... but I feel like those batteries last longer. Still, these batteries are fine and do what they're intended to do. They're certainly not long-life though.
4	Cant see any difference from the more expensive Duracell batteries. Great price. Use them for flashlights clocks, and remote controls.
4	Batteries 1.5 volts supply current what else can you say
4	Seem to work ok, but less than Energizer in my camera. Otherwise they are a great item with a great price.
4	Work well.
4	So far so good with these Amazon Basic batteries as i have only had them for a short period. Only time will tell how they perform or if they are prone to leakage over time.
4	Work well so far, but cannot tell yet long term
4	Bulk batteries is a must when you have three kids and two of them are twin toddlers. Battery operated toys save your sanity. I do wish more and more of these toys were rechargeable though, but until the toy companies catch up with us we can rely on Amazon Basics to provide us with what we need at an efficient cost. The batteries last a long time. Energenizer Batteries are a bit longer lasting, but these suit me just fine. Get them on subscription.
4	I go through a lot of AA batteries, and AmazonBasics AA Performance Alkaline Batteries are among the best I've used for the price. Costing less than 25 cents per cell, they cost about 40-50 less than name brand batteries. I use the AmazonBasics batteries in all sorts of electronic devices, and I don't see any noticeable difference between them and the name brand alkaline batteries. These are excellent batteries for the price.
4	Cheap Quality Batteries
4	does what its suppose to do but doesn't really seem to have a lot of juice in them
4	Good so far
4	ok
4	Lasts as long as the name brands for a fraction of the cost. I also like the minimal packaging that is also easy to open.
4	I see reviews of these batteries mostly on one end of the spectrum or the other. I love em' or I hate em'. Seems leakage is the culprit in bad reviews. I have had no problems with the AA size batteries I ordered.
4	Just cheap batteries.
4	No complaints. Works just as good and lasts just as long as the name brands. They will give a pink bunny a run for his money.
4	Seem to be long-lasting. Works just great.
4	Just got a large box of these home and installed them in two thermometers, a couple LED/fake candles, and a flashlight. Everything turned on like normal and appears to be functioning fine. My only concern is that these felt a little lighter than the (used up/dead) name brand batteries I was replacing, but these were much, much more affordable.
4	Works well for the price point and is completely comparable to name brand batteries. I will be purchasing all of my future battery needs from amazon basics.
4	These batteries work pretty well. They don't seem to outlast Kirkland or Duracell, but they are a good value for the .
4	Seem to work fine I love Amazon what a great price
4	They don't hold a lot of charge, but it's a lot of AAs
4	When you have kids, you go through AA batteries like they are water. These are great and last just as long as the name brand versions.
4	These are a great value and seem to last almost as long as Duracells. I would recommend them. I've had a pair in a remote for almost a year now, still going strong.
4	I bought an 8 pack that worked perfectly so perfect that I later bought a 20 pack. The 20 pack I had an issue with that was quickly resolved. the issue wasn't enough to deter me from buying in the future. These are really good batteries and I'll definitely be buying these again.
4	I think these batteries last just as long if not longer than the other more expensive brands.
4	These batteries are good, but do not have the power and length of service as the copper top batteries. The main benefit is that they have not leaked and ruined my electronics like the copper tops do.
4	Well made and work very well, so why pay NAME BRAND prices I shall buy these again!
4	I bought these batteries mostly because I was giving gifts to my nieces and nephews and they all needed either AA or AAA batteries and buying packages separately can get really expensive. I have been using these AAA batteries in some of my own electronics and they work well. They don't have the longest life but they don't die super fast either. I can get a good amount of use from these batteries. Of course it depends on how often and how long I use the devices but I don't notice a dramatic difference between these and higher end brand name batteries. For the price, I am happy with these. I have not had any leak and none so far have been duds. I am going with 4 stars. Not the best you can buy but certainly worth the price!
4	Not bad, not great. They do as their told.
4	You can't beat these batteries when it comes to price. My son has seemingly a million toys that require batteries and it's always handy to have some around when he leaves them on (thomas the train motorized engines). Buying these from Amazon saves me a lot of money vice buying them from a major retailer. Thanks Amazon!Pro: cheap and reliable
4	You get a lot for a great price! I mainly just use them for my xbox one controller and they last for quite a long time!
4	Good batteries just tested them, but there were only 98 batteries. I want my two batteries-- grr
4	they work. I don't know the life span or how well they work.
4	ASIDE FROM THE FACT THAT THE SCREEN IS SMALL, IT'S A GREAT LITTLE DEVICE. FOR THOSE THAT PREFER A LARGER SCREEN, THE ECHO SHOW WOULD BE A BETTER CHOICE.
4	Bulk is always the less expensive way to go for products like these
4	This my second order and they seem to work as good as name brand and ship to my door.
4	These Amazon batteries did the job although I gave 4star only because I had a few I would say a hand full of batteries that were not as strong or were pretty weak but out of a box of 48 batteries, I will definitely buy again for this priceIm pretty well satisfied.Thank you!
4	I use them for my Xbox controllers and they last pretty long. Great for a cheap price.
4	AmazonBasics batteries are quite good in terms of capacity -- pretty much tied for the top spot compared to the other 6 brands I've tested, but other brands have the edge in capacity per dollar. When I computed value by dividing capacity by the cost per battery of the cheapest package size, they took a respectable third place, and they have the advantage of being a trusted name compared to the value leader. In the images I have attached a graph and a table summarizing my test results for the 7 types I've tested, but if you'd like to know more about how I test ... on to the in-dept test review.I've been on a bit of a quest to test all of the top-selling aaa batteries on Amazon in a repeatable, precise way. This means the same equipment, same environmental conditions, and same slots in the equipment will be used for each test. For each test, I fully discharge 3 batteries in my Opus BT-C2000 battery analyzer at rates of 100 ma, 200 ma, and 400 ma (discharge rate affects usable capacity). I have also performed this exact same test (same equipment, same conditions) on the ACDelco, Duracell Procell, Duracell Coppertop, Energizer MAX, Maxell, and Rayovac. I have linked the other brands I've reviewed at the end of this review if you'd like to take a look at the other results for comparison purposes. For the Amazon Basics batteries, the capacity at each discharge rate was:Disch Rt Capacity Runtime Sample use case100 mA 997 mAh 10 hrs Low-power LED flashlight200 mA 914 mAh 4.5 hrs Electronic toy / medium LED flashlight400 mA 623 mAh 1.5 hrs Motorized toy / bright LED flashlightNote that these (and all other Alkalines) would achieve somewhat higher capacity (maybe 1200 mAh) in a low discharge application like a mouse, keyboard, remote control, etc because alkaline batteries have internal resistance that reduces usable capacity at high discharge rates.The capacity of these batteries is among the best I've tested -- take a look at the attached data table for comparative data. For the cost (0.31/ea in a 36 pack right now), these are a decent but beatable value -- the power supplied per dollar spent is very good, but eclipsed by other currently available options.Comparison:These batteries do well capacity-wise, but value-wise are blown away by the currently cheapest energy/dollar battery that I've tested, the ACDelco aaa's. Their capacity results were:Disch Rt Capacity Runtime100 mA 1005 mAh 10 hrs200 mA 864 mAh 4.3 hrs400 mA 670 mAh 1.7 hrsAs you can see, the Amazon batteries were very comperable ... but, at the current time the AmazonBasics batteries are 0.31/ea (36 pack), while the ACDelco batteries are about 0.21/ea (48 pack) -- so the ACDelco are significantly cheaper per mAh. I did not test shelf life, so it's possible that these may hold up better sitting in a drawer. Although both the Amazon batteries and the ACDelco batteries are certainly made on contract by a third party, I do think that I trust Amazon a bit more to provide consistent batteries than ACDelco ... although I haven't had any trouble with my ACDelco batteries so far. It's also worth noting that the Amazon batteries come in clearly superior packaging - while the ACDelco batteries come in a horrible gigantic plastic blister pack, the Amazon batteries come in a closable cardboard box. If you don't go through a lot of batteries organization of your battery drawer is important to you, that could push them into the all-around winner category despite the 50 price premium.Finally, because another review specifically mentions the Rayovac AA's as being 'good' in some usage scenarios, I thought I'd share my findings for the Rayovac AAA's. In short, they're garbage - the Amazon batteries are better in EVERY case. It's possible that the Rayovac AA's are much better than the AAA's, but I think it's more likely that the version of the Rayovacs tested by the website that he got his results from is different than the most popular Rayovac on Amazon (I source all of my batteries from Amazon). I ran the Rayovac test several times because I couldn't believe how poorly they did ... here are some typical Rayovac results:Disch Rt Capacity Runtime100 mA 908 mAh 9 hrs200 mA 590 mAh 2.9 hrs400 mA 443 mAh 1.1 hrsMy other battery tests/reviews:I have posted reviews for Duracell Coppertop, Duracell Procell and ACDelco aaa alkaline batteries with capacity data gathered using the exact same method and equipment. To find those reviews for comparison purposes, go to the product pages linked below and search for 'mah' under 'all reviews' (or just browse to them on my profile). If/when I do additional aaa tests/reviews in the future, I will update this list.ACDelco AAA Super Alkaline BatteriesDuracell AAA Batteries Coppertop MN2400 - 20 PackDuracell Procell AAA Batteries PC2400BKD09Energizer MAX AAA BatteriesMaxell Alkaline Battery AAA CellRayovac Alkaline AAA Batteries
4	Can't get too jazzed about inexpensive batteries -just a good deal all around.
4	Works great for everyday AA battery needs
4	Ive been buying these since they started selling them. The last batch, I had one that leaked. It was in a rather expensive candle, so a heads up for those using this battery to check once in a while. Ive never had this happen before. It turned all brown on one side and could have ruined my candle if I didnt clean it out real good. The battery was only week old, used infrequently in an air conditioned home. I will still continue to buy these.
4	The price was good and so far the batteries I have used work fine. I do not have a battery tester nor the time (if I had a battery tester) to test each and every battery as others have done. I am just going to believe that they will all work just fine.
4	As advertised, I have not had any problems.
4	Good value for the money Will order again
4	So far so good have to wait and seen how they last, so will update later.
4	Amazon basics AA batteries are satisfactory for the cost. Being Alkaline the seem to work fine in most things.
4	OK
4	Works great and holds chaege as well as and battery I have had
4	Yep, they work! And it is nice to know I have backups.
4	These are good batteries. How do I know. I installed these in my electric tooth brush 2 months ago. The brush is still buzzing my brain when I use it. No way any of the other batteries will do this. Been there done that.
4	For the price a great value, will never buy another overpriced brand name battery again.
4	Batteries
4	So far so good
4	Price can't be beat...batteries aren't great, but they're so cheap
4	Difficult to be excited about AA batteries but everything about the purchase was as advertised. They were well packaged and even arrived several days early. They are working well. My regret is that I did not order AAA batteries at the same time.
4	These are working very well for us and they are economical to use-which we do a lot of.
4	We have been using these batteries in some kids toys and they work fine. I haven't noticed them lasting longer or shorter than others. We normally purchase the Kirkland brand one from Costco, and these appear to be equivalent. Its great to have a large supply of batteries on hand when you have kids!
4	Batteries work perfectly. Only problem is the packaging is a little large. You will need to put them in a smaller container unless u have a ton of cupboard space.
4	Work well for the most part. One pack had defective batteries, but the rest so far have been fine. Last decently long.
4	As expected
4	they are batteries...what more can be said How long do they last who knows just got them.
4	good value
4	Seems to be equal to any other brand of batteries I have used.
4	These batteries perform better than expected. I was very impressed.
4	Work as well as major brands, as far as I can tell, but for a much better price.
4	Decent batteries, I find they die a little quicker than others, but still fine for the price
4	Capacity is a little light on these, but the price is awesome.
4	Don't last as long as Duracell, but you can't beat the price
4	I'll keep this relatively brief. I use rechargeable, mainly Eneloop batteries for almost everything. Every once in awhile though I have something that doesn't need the more expensive batteries or are exposed to rougher conditions like remotes or outside hose timers where I just want something disposable. These work well for that. I would buy them again
4	great price and now I have them on hand whenever I may need a battery!
4	LEDs run thru these so fast man. But, I'm lazy and amazon delivers so I keep buying them. Don't have a time sheet. But I have one of those harbour freight free with purchase lights and it seemed to last 5 hours before I noticed it was dim. So that's good I guess as its still very bright, just not new, never been used bright.Usually I replace 1 out the 3 batteries every 3 weeks. But I work on a bike and car, and have never had any LED go out or get unusable dim during a job with a fresh change.
4	They seem to be lasting a while. They're batteries tho. So yeah. A convenience item for when you buy something else on here that needs batteries.
4	These batteries don't last as long as the top brands, but for the price I can't complain too much.
4	decent batteries. doesnt seem to last as long as better brands. use it for xbox 1 controller.
4	These are decent batteries for a pretty good price. I haven't experienced any leaking yet. Would buy again. Will update if there are problems.
4	Decent batteries for a great price, idk if they last as long as energizer but so far so good, I will order more for Christmas for sure.
4	Amazon Batteries! They got me on the price, but how's the performance! Honestly I can't tell cause who's counting I usually by pro cells because Sometimes I'm a pro. Just kidding but really i work in entertainment so we use pro cells but I bought a box of these just to keep handy and save the day when pro cells are not available. These really aren't that bad. Pro TIP: Make sure you dispose them properly so you don't kill the earth. I'd definitely buy these again. Now that I am a father, there's all kinda of other things to put batteries in. Also do not skimp out on your earthquake kit. It sounds like whatever but honestly you need to prepare folks!
4	Decent batteries price wise but don't seem to last as long as the name brand batteries and I assume these are actually some lower end name brand batteries that Amazon has their name stuck on them.
4	So far so good. Let's see how they hold up over time. Hope they hold their charge and don't leak.
4	Good quality for the low price
4	Great price, does the job. Used them to power BV Bicycle Light Set Super Bright 5 LED Headlight, 3 LED Taillight, Quick-Release. Gives very good light intensity, albeit first few uses. Can't yet vouch for how long these batteries last vs. Duracell.
4	Battery life is equivalent to name-brand, mid-range batteries, which makes it quite a bargain. I am often surprised when I change batteries in a high-use device and realize how long these batteries last. They also have a nice look and when you buy a brick of them they are conveniently wrapped in bundles of 4, which makes for easy storage. They wont replace Duracell's in my high-power-drain equipment, but for everything else these are great.
4	Can't never have too many batteries.
4	Didn't last as long as another brand. It still ok to use
4	DIDN'T SEEM TO LAST AS LONG AS OTHERS BUT NOT REAL BAD
4	Does not last as long as the bunny or copper top, but adequate.
4	don't last that long
4	Energizer batteries lasted longer than these.
4	I purchased the pack to use with 4 walkies i had when we went on a 4 day cruise. Each walkie took 3 batteries. The batteries lasted 2.5 days of use. And i had to replace.
4	Batteries seem fine on arrival and after installing in lanterns. No issues so far.
4	Great but the packaging is not very intuitive. Sort of hard to get batteries out
4	It's hard to love a battery. All I can say is they work, and they seem to last as long as any others. The price is good, so I'm happy.
4	Good solid batteries at a good price. They dont last as long as the full retail name brands which means you do need to change them more often but overall still a money saver in the long run.
4	I have many AA battery operated things in my house. I use flameless candles that come on every night and stay on for 6 hours. I go through batteries. It was getting pretty expensive at the store. Found these, ordered them. Using them. They seem to be a high quality battery, unlike some others I have purchased only to have them last half as long. These are great!
4	Good batteries for the price, they last a decent amount of time like other major brands. These came in handy near Christmas time with all the toys Santa brought. They are packaged in groups of 4 and I like how they have a container (cardboard box with cover) to keep them stored. I would definitely buy them again.they are NOT rechargeable and for some reason I thought they were when I bought them....had a brain fart or something. Good batteries overall regardless.
4	Batteries are good, duracell might last just a tad bit longer but the price difference is not worth the extra . Kind of hard to review a batteries, but the packaging was easy to open and the batteries were neatly packaged.
4	They're batteries, and they're alkaline and they work very well.
4	When I ran out of AA batteries, I of course came to Amazon to purchase more. As I am on a tight budget, I decided to go with the AmazonBasics brand. When they arrived, I immediately replaced the batteries in my Xbox controller. I noticed that the batteries did not last as long as the more popular name brands. (i.e. Duracell, Energizer, etc.) This is the only reason I have rated the product with 4 stars instead of 5. Everything else about these batteries is great. I am getting low already and will probably order them again.
4	I think they are great for the price, if you want to spend more, buy rechargables
4	Have had good success with these and the Amazon Basics AA's as well. They come in a cardboard box, in sets of two which is handy to grab, although I still wish they were not plastic wrapped at all. That said it is far easier and takes up less space than the typical packaging from other brands.Battery life seems fine with these as it did for AA (I had less success with the Amazon Basics 9v which had a horrible battery life).
4	Bought them for the grand kids toys at Christmas and they work fine but that's all I can tell you because it's only been 8 hours.
4	What can you say, they are batteries and they work. Price was good when I purchased them..
4	WORKS FANTASTIC, EXCEED MY EXPECTATIONS, I WILL BUY IT AGAIN. GREAT PRICE, I CHECKED AND COULDN'T FIND IT CHEAPER ESPECIALLY WITH PRIME SHIPPING.
4	Good cheap batteries. I mean they're better than those awful ones you can get at the 99c only store, and still cheaper than target's energizer batteries.
4	Good deal
4	these batters are a good deal. they die faster than the brand name batteries - for for the price, you cant beat it!
4	Received and look fine. Will see if there is actually any drainage time difference, but don't expect that. Will update if so. Good deal and my remotes, etc.....eat these up fast. LOL :)
4	Good bargain for batteries! They're great for remotes and toys.
4	So far so good, they seem to last pretty long.
4	Don't last as long as energizer but a great deal!
4	This is as good of a glove as you will find for the money. Be aware the when ordering they are extremely small if you normally wear a large an extra large will still be tight and need some break in time. Order at least one size bigger
4	These die so fast. I might as well have bought a 12pack at. Costco or something. Good if u want clock battery that doesn't consume much energy
4	good value for the amount of batteries
4	They last a long time.
4	Good batteries at a fair price.
4	Good price, well packaged. I have not used them for any real duration yet. They are shrink wrapped. However, unlike the 9 volt batteries, you can twist the package and get through the plastic wrapper.
4	Work well enough in the small gadgets like remotes and LED flashlights.
4	I purchased these AmazonBasics batteries because I used a lot of batteries around the house and I was looking for the best value. I would say the convenience factor is there: I can stock up on these and I don't have to run to the store to pick up batteries. Compared to the Rayovac brand, which I have been using exclusively before purchasing these, I would say the AmazonBasics batteries give you just a bit less life. They do store well and perform well in most electronics that I've tested thus far.
4	AAA alkaline Amazon batteries, they have a good price and seems to be working well, I will buy them again.
4	not much to say about batteries, they do their job and seem to last a good amount of time. I like the price!
4	Work well, good price.
4	Basic batteries. Good price. Have not used long enough to see how they last.
4	Good price. Only used a few so far but what we used seems to last.
4	Good price for these batteries. They seem to be of good quality and the price is right.
4	good product
4	Good products. I like the Amazon batteries. The only reason they didn't get 4 stars is because you can't really use them in products that have a higher voltage demand. As the battery ages, it gets weaker. It lasts about as long as a normal Duracell or Energizer, but the output drops significantly as the product ages. They are great for remote controls, smoke detectors, etc. Not advisable for anything with moving parts or motors.
4	Haven't conducted any testing so I'm not absolutely sure about how these compare for performance to Duracell, Energizer or Ray-O-Vac. Gut feeling is that they are about the same as Energizer and Ray-O-Vac in performance and I can sometimes get Ray-O-Vacs on sale at Home Depot/Lowes for a competitive price.
4	Batteries seem to last a good amount of time and I received all of them in this pack unlike the AAA pack I bought from Amazon which was missing four batteries.
4	As Advertised
4	they work well so far, cheaper than other batteries i have seen. hoping there wont be any leakage or anything.
4	Good so far. I've not done extensive testing, but these seem adequate and the price is right. Definitely better than some other store brand batteries (Bass Pro Shops I'm looking at you) I've tried. They seem on par with major brand batteries to me, but that's a completely subjective evaluation.
4	As described
4	The positive contact does not stick out as far as others brands so they may not work in all devices. Just discovered this today.Otherwise, they are good.
4	Good value
4	Good value compared to other national brand equivalents
4	Good value on a good amount of batteries . They work fine. Not the best, but far from the worst . Would buy again
4	Long lasting life
4	Good Value for the amount of batteries you receive.Great for TV Controllers, basic items. Gaming Controllers eat through these rather quickly.
4	Good value here. They seem to last as long as the standard Duracell batteries that we used to buy.
4	Batteries. Lots of them. Good :) Nice value.
4	As expected!
4	Great batteries for the price. I've bought other generic off brand batteries before, even some from well know companies like Sony and Kodak (yes, they make AA's), and these do better than those.
4	Low costs batteries that work great with good extended lifetime.
4	Overall, great product, fast shipping, great service experience. Only reason I am rating 4 stars is the battery life seems less than the Duracells I used to use but I believe these are better overall value (significantly cheaper per battery) thus, this product certainly met my expectations but did not necessarily exceed them.
4	Great battery value but they don't last as long. I will order them a couple of more times to see how they work.
4	I like the battery and the saving. It seems it doesn't last longer compared to other popular brand. I don't mind changing battery after paying 4 time less than a popular brand
4	last longer then maxell batteries and dont get near as hot when in heavy use as other batteriessize normal AA size.material good aluminum and Alkaline.quality great don't get to hot in full use and last a lot longer then others iv tested.pro's long lasting, don't get to hot, good materials.con's noneoverall great batteries great quality great bargainwould buy again yes they seam to be great batteries use in all devices like flashlights, cameras, remotes, ext also get a lot for the price
4	These batteries are a great buy, pretty much can't be beat for the price to quality ratio. I marked off one star because I don't believe they have lasted as long as the Energizer batteries I used previously, but it is not a big difference. I have been using these primarily to power a head lamp with band that I wear at work at night time out in the field. They provide the same brightness as the energizers but my light seemed to start getting dimmer a little sooner than with the energizers. There is not a big enough difference however to justify the price of energizers, therefore I will continue to purchase the AmazonBasics batteries for sure.
4	They're batteries. They batter well. Great even.
4	For the price, I really can't complain. The life of the battery seemed comparable to other generic batteries. Great for remotes and other low use items. However, my son put these in a small indoor remote controlled helicopter and it chewed through them pretty quickly (which I expected). Again, good for the price and the right usage.
4	Decent longevity in electronics we use daily. In remotes they're fabulous, less so in more demanding electronics like games, cameras, and the half dozen Thomas trains my son loves. For the price in comparison to Duracell or Energizer you can't go wrong.
4	Good
4	These batteries are a great value. I got the 48 pack and for the most part, the did not disappoint. However, there were a few that did not work. Then again, i've always been pleased with Amazon's products and will continue to use them.
4	These batteries are way cheaper on Amazon then in the stores. The batteries lasted a long time and I won't run out any time soon.
4	Great price and they work very well will continue to buy these amazon batteries compared to the other brands in the future. Loved to save money and the work the same as the other competitors.
4	These work just fine.
4	Great price! I finally put a big storage shelf in my garage so starting to stock up on things I use regularly. My only complaint is they are packaged in groups of four which is kind of a pain to unwrap each time you need them.
4	Great price and they work- can't ask for more then that. How does Amazon do what they do- good price, great customer service, and they are very profitable. What a great business model!
4	So far so good. I use these in a flash unit for photography. While not fully running off the batteries as I have an external battery pack they do work well.
4	Not sure what else to say other than these are cheap batteries. Great price.
4	So far no problems, great price. Haven't had a chance to find out how long they last.
4	Great price. They're batteries.
4	As good as any 'household name' brand and far more reasonably priced.
4	Can't go wrong with AmazonBasics batteries - quality at a great value.
4	Great value for the money.
4	I use a lot of batteries. It seems now, there are remotes for everything. Recently I had installed new batteries ( not from Amazon) in a remote for my gas logs. It beeped but would not come on. When these batteries arrived the next day, I put these in the gas log remote and it worked. Yeah! I also use them in the air freshener canisters, I'm in rescue and have these fresheners in every room. People who come for the first time are amazed that my home smells so good. I use them in my keyboard mouse also. If you think about how many batteries you use, buying them in large lots having them on subscribe and save is a huge help. These are packed well and are also packed within the box with plastic. Great Value,
4	Great price and with a name like Amazon I feel these are going to be good. I bought for my daughter because I gave her something that she needed 27 (yes!) batteries for. Great value and plan on getting again if they work like I think they will. Only a 4 star rating because I don't know how long they'll last. So far so good
4	Is it just me, or is it a huge challenge keeping enough batteries on hand. It's easy just to order a bulk box of these rather than take a beating at retail price. I'm not sure they are up to Energizer or Duracell standards, but they do the job ok. No complaints so far.
4	These batteries are awesome for kids toys that don't have moving parts and only music. Also works great in remotes and things like that. Great value for what you get. Would definitely recommend to a friend.
4	Seems to work well I haven't been using them long, but have not had any problems
4	Nice!
4	Another way Amazon makes my life easier!
4	I didn't have any issues with these batteries dying on me but I am hesitant to make them a staple since it seems like there are others who have gotten bad batches. I will wait it out to buy again.
4	Since I have bought these batteries, I do not feel like I am changing batteries as often as I were before using Rayovak. I will say however they do not last more than a couple days of hard play on the XBOX one controllers.
4	Batteries came charged, I guess that's a good thing
4	I have been using Amazon Basics products for about 2 years and have always found them to be first rate. The batteries last as long as the name brand batteries and cost a lot less.
4	I have not yet determined the useful life of these when in use. I installed four in my camera last week. I just do not know how long they will last, but they look good
4	There are many batteries in the box for the amount of money you pay. Batteries at the store would cost way more. They seem to be packaged well, and conveniently. I took one star off because these batteries do not seem to last as long as the more expensive batteries, but it could just be the pack that i used. I will see how the rest will work out, but for the money, i think it is a good deal.
4	This product was exactly as promised. I was pleased with the price and would purchase these batteries again.
4	this works well enough for the price point. I would recommend it if you are on a budget.
4	I don't notice any difference between these batteries and premium brand name ones They seem to last just as long, and at a great price.
4	Batteries were decent. They came well packaged. I'm unsure how good they are as my son needed to replace his batteries on his game zone often. Although i replaced the Duracell batteries as well.
4	I've used these exclusively for my two Xbox One controllers and have not tried any other batteries in them. They lasted for about 48 hours of play time before running out. That seemed quick to me but I don't have anything to compare it to. These were the right price. I will order again when I remember to order batteries before I need them.
4	Each battery only lasts a few days on my wireless mouse.Update: the problem is actually with my mouse or computer other batteries are also draining too fast. Nevertheless, it would be good if these Amazon batteries stated their capacity.
4	This is so so.it is doing good.i do not know how long it can last.this is also pretty good.
4	It worked great I like it you can't beat the price you get a lot for your money
4	Batteries worked well, just as well as the store bought ones but at a better price
4	just trying
4	I've read that these don't last as long as some other brands, but so far, I haven't had any issues. I don't use batteries for anything constant, however, remotes to the television primarily. They work great for that, and they cost less than other brands. Win win.
4	Life of battery varies with individual battery, which was disappointing. Maybe this is the difference between buying the house brand and buying the name brand--quality control.
4	If you're looking for cheap but durable batteries look no further. I personally like amazon products. I know I can count on them as much as a named brand, but for a 1/4 of the price. I got these on Prime day for a great price and the last a OK amount of time. I used them on my xbox controller, but i think it soaked up more power than I thought so the batteries died with in a month or so. Its not like I keep track, but noticing the controller shutting off was what lead me on to the life of the batteries. I have enough to last me a year or so. Again, good buy. If you're looking to save money from the expensive name brands, go with a Amazon brand product its becoming more common and competitive as a name brand product.
4	Same for these AA batteries as for the AAA batteries.
4	Great batteries! I have nothing negative I can say about this product. They work just as well as any name brand product you would buy off the shelf at any store except these are probably one quarter of the price.
4	Too soon to tell but they seem fine
4	So far so good as far as batteries go. I order them under subscribe and save. Makes the price even better and we always have plenty for our toddler.
4	Looks like these will be good for lower drain, standby applications, where battery leakage is a concern. I have given up on the Costco brand as they tend to leak in these types of applications. While overall watt-hour density is average, still good for remotes, and common applications. It's hyped about Japanese technology, but not made in Japan.
4	I have no qualms about the quality of these batteries.I only wish that every 4 batteries were not individually wrapped.
4	The package just arrived and all seems well. I have no information on the life of these batteries. If they do well I would be glad to give them 5 stars.
4	great price - perfect for what I needed it for
4	These don't last quite as long as Duracell, but for the price it's hard to complain. Nice basic batteries. No issues except for slightly shorter lifespan.
4	I like that I can order these on-line with Prime shipping directly to my house in a few days. I use a lot of batteries during the holidays starting with Halloween through Easter. Not a bad price and they seem to last awhile.
4	No complaints.
4	They work great and a price nicely
4	Don't last quite as long as name brand, but worth the money.
4	Usually I buy bricks of batteries from Fry's Electronics, but I had an Amazon gift card, so I figured I would give them a shot and they make my devices work!
4	OK
4	They seem fine to me.
4	Worked great!
4	They work greatcame very late though
4	Package arrived with one battery missing :(
4	Serves the purpose. Good for the price.
4	only 4 stars need 5 or 6 years to prove there leak proof. Tip Duracell's have destroyed far too many of my devices.
4	Haven't used them, they look fine. Probably overpaid. They arrive in a fancy cardboard box, like they're collectibles or something.
4	With alot of kids and toys in the house we have been running through hundreds of batteries. Yes hundreds, no typo. I have found these batteries to have the perfect balance of cost vs longevity. They dont last the longest but theyre priced just right to make it worth it. I would recommend to anyone that needs batteries in bulk.
4	We got these for our TV remote. We didn't need such a large package, but it was the cheapest option, so we went ahead and purchased the 20 pack. It was great to be able to save money over the name brands, and since it was Amazon brand, we figured they would be good quality (and we were right). It was also awesome to be able to get them in 2 days, since our TV buttons are very hard to use so the shorter time without a remote, the better!Work great. Probably won't run out of AAA anytime soon, but would consider buying other sizes when needed.
4	Pleasantly surprised with these batteries. Powered my son's toy tablet quite well along with other remote control cars that they use.
4	They are batteries people! They make things work for awhile.
4	I haven't even used one yet but I suspect they will work. I stocked up on these because I have a lot of stuff that uses AAA's and it is a super price.
4	Order got lost and took longer (weeks) than expected. Product is great though.
4	Battery Ninja tested these AmazonBasics AA's in toothbrushes I did some calculations and found that these batteries offer a reasonable price per unit of power (mWh), but that they do not carry as much energy as others. The test results show that these batteries will run out faster than others, at least in the toothbrushes. There were no test results vs. digital cameras, photo flashes, or toys, so I'm extrapolating that these will perform like Rayovacs, not like Duracell Coppertops.
4	Price was very good and I received the order in one day.
4	Reasonably priced, and I have had no issues. They are not eneloops, but they work fine for all the applications that I have used them in.
4	These batteries are just fine and does the job. Would recommend!
4	These work good and are just as efficient as top name in comparison this far.
4	Great value.
4	Good quality
4	I have switched to AmazonBasics brand after trying just about every brand there is. Good, reliable batteries.
4	Don't seem to last as long as the big name brands, however, for the price you will get more run time per money spent.
4	They are batteries, so can't say I love them! But I've had good results with Amazon's AA's so trying these now.
4	should have bought the bigger pack, used most of these up already, forgot how much stuff I had that uses AAA batteries.
4	Same soap as always but a smaller size than I thought.
4	So far so good. Working well with my light mirror and it's been holding a good amount of power for a good amount of time.
4	Time will tell how well they perform. They are a little less expensive than Energizer and if they perform as well I'll re-order them.
4	Price is right. So far so good for quality!
4	I have been using these batteries for about a month now and the half I have used have performed very well. The Batteries I inserted into 3 items when they arrived are still working.So far I have found no bad batteries included in my order.Would recommend based on performance of the batteries I have used so far.
4	Works like a standard alkaline battery.
4	Stocked-up
4	They work great!
4	The batteries work fine. So far they seem to last quite a while. Haven't used them for very long to determine if they are any better than other batteries I have used/
4	These alkaline batteries appear to be of good quality and provide excellent power output to my devices. Only time will tell if they provide long life in storage without leaiagel
4	These are a great price. I'm not sure they last as long as a name brand battery, but they get the job done.
4	These are AA batteries and they work. They do seem to die a bit faster in my Speedlight then duracells but maybe I just use it more since I have the 48 pack.
4	Well, I usually write extensive reviews on products, but really there isn't much to say here. Lets cut to the chase. They are batteries. They are AAA size. And they work. No, they aren't the equivalent to lithiums and no they won't power your space shuttle to the moon, but what do you expect at this price I was going to test the actual mah of the battery, until I remembered how much I paid for them in comparison to the big brands I've purchased in the past at the drug store. Bottom line: A good mix of quality / quantity. They aren't your cheapest, junkiest battery but they also don't compare to the best AAA's, Energizer Lithiums. Mid-grade at a great price. Got lots of electronics needing AAA Get them. If you're needing to use them in place of rocket propellent, look elsewhere.
4	These are fine, for the price but not as Duracell
4	These are great batteries without paying the premium for name brands. Our kids go through batteries like their potato chips, so its nice to get a good product at a reasonable price.
4	These are great for the price! They do tend to die slightly faster than other batteries, but overall they are great for what you pay. I would recommend these to anyone looking for basic batteries. The come in a plastic wrap which is easy to open. The same can't be said about some battery brands.
4	Arrived on time, battery doesn't last very long though even when fully charged, so that's my only concern.
4	These batteries are great and last very long I would definitely recommend them to a friend or family over the Duracell brand better pricing
4	These seem to be normal AAA batteries. can't comment yet on life expectancy but for the price they could stand to be near the bottom performance and still be an okay value.
4	they are batteries and they make my battery powered stuff work so im not sure how this could get a low rating. for the price well worth it. that said they don't seem to last quite as long as other name brands.
4	They are batteries, and low cost. Don't know how long they will last yet. Tell you more on that, when the time comes.
4	They arrived on time, as described, and have been powering the PIR lights I ordered for a few weeks now with out needing to be changed. I have no reason to complain.
4	They look.like batteries work like batteries but does anyone ever measure how long they work Seem good to me like.most Amazon products
4	They work but dont last as long as better quality batteries
4	I was intending to buy rechargeables, but bought these by mistake. They work fine though.
4	They work not bad , but these batteries does not work in some devices, I do not know why This is why I dropped one star off.
4	They work we... Maybe don't last as long as the high dollar batteries, but the price makes up for that.
4	Amazon's in house brand of batteries are not bad at all.
4	As with my review of the other batteries I reviewed, they're batteries. They all work and provide approximately 1.5vdc as supposed to.
4	Theyre batteries they either work or they don't, how long do they last I don't know I just got them at Christmas !!
4	Seemingly sufficient at a good price!
4	Works as expected. Time will tell if AAA from amazon are a better value.
4	works as you would think..grat price
4	Great. Works like any other battery.
4	Value for money
4	Very good batteries. Much cheaper than the others.
4	All are working as they should. Very good purchase.
4	Good quality batteries at a reasonable price.
4	These are hard to beat when it comes to price, but I have found that they do not last as long as Energizer or Duracell. They come close, I think, but definitely not as long. I use AA batteries primarily in my iMac bluetooth keyboard and mouse, for what it's worth. Still, these amazon batteries are significantly cheaper, so it all probably evens out.
4	I'm only going to give it 4 stars since I have not had on go bad yet so I can't say how much longer the name brand batteries will lat until one remote control that I put one off each in it so I'll see what lasted the longest and probley replace this battery and see how much longer the name brand lasts any way the money you save I can afford for them not to last quite as long
4	They were very good
4	Good price for batteries. Have only used a few of them thus far, but they work.
4	We aren't running out of batteries now for game controllers. They seem to work just as well as any name brand.
4	What can I say. They're AA Alkaline Batteries and they're affordable.-1 Star because the packaging was GIGANTIC compared to the size of the actual batteries.
4	10 year shelf life check.Reliable manufacturer check.Great price check.Great packaging. check...my 20-pak came as to separate 10-paks.Great performance I don't know yet, but WhyWouldAmazonBother with less than best in class commodity product branding Benefit of the doubt goes to Amazon for now. check.
4	Work fine Good price.
4	Cant see any difference from the more expensive Duracell batteries. Great price. Use them for flashlights clocks, and remote controls.
4	Seem to work ok, but less than Energizer in my camera. Otherwise they are a great item with a great price.
4	Bulk batteries is a must when you have three kids and two of them are twin toddlers. Battery operated toys save your sanity. I do wish more and more of these toys were rechargeable though, but until the toy companies catch up with us we can rely on Amazon Basics to provide us with what we need at an efficient cost. The batteries last a long time. Energenizer Batteries are a bit longer lasting, but these suit me just fine. Get them on subscription.
4	Cheap Quality Batteries
4	does what its suppose to do but doesn't really seem to have a lot of juice in them
4	Work as good as the national brand
4	Lasts as long as the name brands for a fraction of the cost. I also like the minimal packaging that is also easy to open.
4	I see reviews of these batteries mostly on one end of the spectrum or the other. I love em' or I hate em'. Seems leakage is the culprit in bad reviews. I have had no problems with the AA size batteries I ordered.
4	works fine. don't know if they are better than name brands, but they do job for me.
4	Seem to be long-lasting. Works just great.
4	Works well for the price point and is completely comparable to name brand batteries. I will be purchasing all of my future battery needs from amazon basics.
4	I have not seen that these AmazonBasics batteries lose their charge any quicker than the name brands, like other off brands are wont to do. For the price, these are a better value than other multi-packs I have seen. I will definitely keep buying these as long as they are available at these prices.
4	Great deal, no problems, with the purchase.
4	These are a great value and seem to last almost as long as Duracells. I would recommend them. I've had a pair in a remote for almost a year now, still going strong.
4	Seem to lady just as long as the name brand. Worth a go for flash photographers
4	You can't beat these batteries when it comes to price. My son has seemingly a million toys that require batteries and it's always handy to have some around when he leaves them on (thomas the train motorized engines). Buying these from Amazon saves me a lot of money vice buying them from a major retailer. Thanks Amazon!Pro: cheap and reliable
4	You get a lot for a great price! I mainly just use them for my xbox one controller and they last for quite a long time!
4	They are batteries and as such work just as expected.
4	Yup. Batteries.
4	Simple in its design, with multiple angles, the mesh keeps your laptop cool, the cord keeper in back keeps organized, and the surface area is great for a 15.6 laptop. I think this would also work for a 17 laptop, but there may be a larger model for those. Check first. The only gripe I have about this unit is the two 'tabs' that keep the laptop from sliding down into your lap when adjusted up at an angle. These two tabs could benefit from being 1/2 taller than they are. This would allow a 'thicker' laptop base from 'spillage' like my Toshiba seems to occasionally do. So that is my only con for this item. I would still suggest buying it.
4	Every other laptop cooler I have purchased has a USB plug to run a fan. Got tired of the fans making noise, the USB or cooler plug not working eventually etc.So gave this one a shot and it does what it says plus. Keeps my 15.6 Mac book pro cool and my legs are not heating up any more when sitting on the couch. Also the bottom does not feel nearly as hot as it used to. So why only 4 stars. The two tabs to keep your laptop from sliding off are not adjustable so when you are typing your arms want to rest on those tabs. Really uncomfortable. So in the pictures you can see a slight modification I made to alleviate this problem. I now rest the laptop on the pads so when typing my arms are resting on the key board portion as if the tabs were not there. Much more comfortable. I used strips of thick felt with sticky bottoms. Certainly not a technical fix but does the job. All they had to do was include a metal piece retrofit on the bottom portion that would allow you to raise your computer to a level so the tabs would not interfere. Simple but maybe on the next model. Check out the two photos.
4	Every other laptop cooler I have purchased has a USB plug to run a fan. Got tired of the fans making noise, the USB or cooler plug not working eventually etc.So gave this one a shot and it does what it says plus. Keeps my 15.6 Mac book pro cool and my legs are not heating up any more when sitting on the couch. Also the bottom does not feel nearly as hot as it used to. So why only 4 stars. The two tabs to keep your laptop from sliding off are not adjustable so when you are typing your arms want to rest on those tabs. Really uncomfortable. So in the pictures you can see a slight modification I made to alleviate this problem. I now rest the laptop on the pads so when typing my arms are resting on the key board portion as if the tabs were not there. Much more comfortable. I used strips of thick felt with sticky bottoms. Certainly not a technical fix but does the job. All they had to do was include a metal piece retrofit on the bottom portion that would allow you to raise your computer to a level so the tabs would not interfere. Simple but maybe on the next model. Check out the two photos.
4	Every other laptop cooler I have purchased has a USB plug to run a fan. Got tired of the fans making noise, the USB or cooler plug not working eventually etc.So gave this one a shot and it does what it says plus. Keeps my 15.6 Mac book pro cool and my legs are not heating up any more when sitting on the couch. Also the bottom does not feel nearly as hot as it used to. So why only 4 stars. The two tabs to keep your laptop from sliding off are not adjustable so when you are typing your arms want to rest on those tabs. Really uncomfortable. So in the pictures you can see a slight modification I made to alleviate this problem. I now rest the laptop on the pads so when typing my arms are resting on the key board portion as if the tabs were not there. Much more comfortable. I used strips of thick felt with sticky bottoms. Certainly not a technical fix but does the job. All they had to do was include a metal piece retrofit on the bottom portion that would allow you to raise your computer to a level so the tabs would not interfere. Simple but maybe on the next model. Check out the two photos.
4	This is simple, well made and appears to be durable. The size means that I can sit in my favorite chair with my laptop. Other units that I have used were either larger than I wanted, or overly complicated and subject to breakage.
4	This is a very basic, functional backpack that does the job that it when designed for. Unlike other, more expensive models, this one does not have the feel or look of something that you would show off to your friends. However, it holds my 16 laptop quite well and has enough pockets to contain all of my usual travel gear. The material seems to be fairly durable but it makes a crinkly sound when touched or moved. This would be a good choice for a teenager who is hard on his belongings.
4	The bag fits a 17.3 laptop quite snuggly, but it fits nonetheless. There is a considerable amount of space in each of the available sections, along several accessory pockets for those smaller items. The 2 mesh side pockets are big enough for a standard plastic water bottle, but not big enough for a nalgene water bottle.Taking it on a couple destinations so if there are any issues I find with it, I will edit my comments accordingly. As it stands now, good solid bag for the price and it does fit larger laptops.
4	Great for the price It's much more durable than anything I could get at Walmart.
4	The backpack is great quality. The only reason I gave it 4/5 stars is because I wouldn't trust the laptop slot alone to protect my laptop. It's not padded enough. If I had a choice I'd rather the laptop slot be replaced with a waterproof cooler space as I purchased this for hiking. That is my only gripe, other than that the bag is great quality, comfortable and has plenty of space. Well worth the price.
4	PROS:Well made/good constructionCompares very favorably to famous brand-name packsNo obvious brandingGreat attention to detailLarge main compartmentLots of subcompartmentsOrganizer for pens/sundries in the front compartmentCONS:Generic looksTop handle is minimally padded/perfunctoryStiff nylon in some interior parts makes an audible 'crinkly' sound when movedThe AmazonBasics Laptop Backpack is a well-made, fully featured backpack that can accommodate laptops up to 17 inches wide. This is a simply designed but good looking backpack that could meet most students' needs.The bag is basically a simple, but stylish enough design, with grey highlights and some orange piping on the front. There are enough characteristics to make the bag distinctive but there is no obvious branding on the front. If you look closely, you can find the Amazon basics logo embossed on the black zippers. But you'd have to look really closely. The shoulder straps are backed with a mesh-like material that reduces slippage and are sufficiently wide and padded so that they are comfortable.The main compartment is generous in size, open and closed with two zippers, and is basically broken up into two areas. The back area is generously padded on both sides and is meant to house the laptop. The padding is as good as or even more generous than what I have seen in standard backpacks made by companies like JanSport or L.L. Bean. There is a single large sleeve in front of the padding that is large enough to hold a standard, letter-sized manilla folder filled with papers. The front compartment is basically wide open and has room for traditional textbooks (assuming people still use these) or any other paraphernalia.There are two compartments in the front. There is mid-sized compartment that is in front of the main compartment and a smaller front compartment with the obligatory organizer/pockets to hold pens, a cellphone etc. There is even an internal clip in the front compartment for keys.Additionally, there are small mesh pockets on the sides of the pack and a quick-access, zippered pocket on the very top of the pack. There's even a small mesh pocket on the bottom of the left shoulder strap.Although I doubt that this is ballistic nylon, it appears to be very well made. The edges line up very well and there is no dog-earing in the fabric. The top handle is only minimally padded and a bit flimsy for a pack this size. Clearly, you could lift the pack via the handle to move it from the floor to your desk, but the handle isn't comfortable or sturdy enough to carry the pack like a suitcase. The nylon that makes up the dividers is stiff and makes an audible crinkly sound when manipulated. This likely will go away over time, but if you are late to class and walking into a quiet lecture hall this could be a distraction.The zippers move easily. They are large enough to grip and they all have nylon tags sewn to the end to make them easier to pull. The zippers seem strong enough for a pack of this size and caliber.All-in-all this is a very well made back pack at an excellent price point. It may not win major style points for some students, but it is a great basic backpack.
4	I ordered this backpack in anticipation of a 10-day vacation to Universal Studios and a Royal Caribbean cruise. I needed something to carry my laptop where I could easily remove it for security, and that had lots of pockets for my travel papers and various things I needed to keep my 6yo busy.This AmazonBasics laptop is well-made and sturdy with a variety of pocket sizes and places to put stuff. Whatever material they used for the inside of the bag makes it very loud and crinkly, but also easy to clean. There is at least one pocket that seems extraneous and almost gets in the way, and when all the pockets are closed, there is an over abundance of zipper pulls. But the bag traveled very well and I like the sleeker style of it.The backpack is a bit much for everyday use (just in bulk and number of pockets, etc), but I'm happy to have it for future travels.
4	Very nice bag with lots of compartments and plenty of room for laptop, tablet, notebook, and accessories. I especially like cinch straps to adjust the width to your items. Top zippers were a little tight at first, but quickly loosened up.
4	Lots of pockets, but zipper covers actually make opening and closing a bit more difficult.
4	Delivered as promised, well packaged ... only problem ... does NOT appear to be waterproof ... not a good thing with these heavy South Florida rains.
4	The larger one was bought for me as part of a Christmas gift...I enjoyed mine so much that I bought this one for a birthday gift.....sturdy, stylish, padded and protects well. Good buy for the price
4	For the price very good value and its lasting well
4	Cheap but doesn't appear it particularly. Does it's job fine, plenty of pockets and space, much prefer it to the back pack style
4	I needed a reasonable laptop bag and got this.On arrival I put my dell Inspiron laptop inside and the charger went in the front pocket. Inside the laptop slips in the middle then your are able to put a ipad and maybe a diary either side. As there is a slide pocket each side of the laptop.It's actually well made surprisingly and the handles on top are nice and comfortable to use/hold.The strap that goes over the should is nice, maybe could of had more padding on the shoulder strap.The reason for 4 stars is that I think the case should have more padding to protect your electrical device.It's a very nice bag and I do recommend it and for the price it is great.
4	I liked this item for the price,quality and usability. Ideal for Laptops, tablets,paperwork and sandwiches.It comes with carry handle or Over the shoulder straps. Quality from Amazon
4	Works as intended. Safety for hard drive that stores my photos.
4	"I assumed this item would have a cord with the plug. Never assume. It was the plug only. The cord on my 7"" Kindle is very short so I bought a 4 foot cord also. Now I keep the shorter cord with me so I can charge on the go, the longer cord and new plug are what I use at home. Satisfied"
4	pretty convenient to have another cable to charge the kindle,, great price and ready to have it on hand
4	This is the third I have had to buy/ They seem to only work for a year before needing to be replaced. I have the warranty but no patience for the replacement to be mailed to me with all the forms.
4	Wall charger is convenient. Just wish it was sold with the kindle instead of having to purchase it separate. Seems like it should be standard in the package. Had to purchase in a bundle in order to get it included with kindle.
4	It does what it is suppose to. No problems with it...
4	I gave this Amazon charger only four stars, because even though it does a great job of charging my new Paperwhite quickly it should be included with the reader and not sold separately.
4	As abv, takes 3 + hours to fully charge. I hoped it would be much faster (maybe an hour), to the point that I had thought I got a lemon. People were kind enough to answer my question, and learned that I should not expect miracles, lol. Apart from that, good thing it comes with the cord, and is compact enough.
4	It slippes around on pan handle
4	I like the amazon echo, but it needs more improvements. It does not understand many things you ask. it does not connect to all my wemo devices however, it is good at what it does. the sound quality is the best it offers. I like the local weather and 7 day weather and news. With my amazon prime, my music is played and sounds great. Some might say it is too high a price to pay, however i bought it for 150.00 barely used and glad i purchased it.
4	It has a surprisingly quick response to the queries that it does recognize. I found its necessary to be rather specific in the way commands are phrased. Also a good bit of set up is involved, including subscription and agreeing to terms and conditions that nobody ever reads. And even then, it seems copyright laws limit the echo.I would like to be able to promt a command with something I choose as apposed to saying Alexa every time. It seems with something so adaptable, this would be easy to make available. Perhaps it is and I simply haven't found how yet.All around fun device, with good quality sound. And with the purchase of the battery adapter base, it's portable to wherever Wi-Fi is available.Thousands of apps skills are available for the echo. Virtually endless fun.
4	The Amazon Echo has a lot of potential. I believe after a few more years of development the Echo will be amazing. I can't wait for the Echo to add flight arrival and departure information (all transportation info in general), cooking recipes, and generally have all the information of Wikipedia.... now that would be great! It's a good start, but has a ways to go.Owen
4	Amazon tap is one of my best buys this year so far...The only thing that could make the tap better is an upgrade so you don't have to tap every command....That would make it a 5star device....
4	Love the sound that comes out and Alexa is very informative!
4	I really like the sound of the tab. The only complaint is that you have to push the button every time you have to speak or listen to tab. Unlike the echo, where you just speak and it answers without pushing any buttons. The echo has a cheaper sounding speaker. I'd wait till there is a sale in it before paying full price. Otherwise, it is just like a Bluetooth speaker.
4	I love this product. Great sound quality and at a good price
4	Its very nice and not as big as the echo. Didn't know there was a Tap available to buy.
4	The Tap is a great companion to your every day business. It has become my partner in my daily communications.
4	Was a little difficult to sync the first time. I really have only used the Tap to play music and to ask for the weather. I like that the device takes up little space in my kitchen.
4	Awesome. I really enjoy using it. The portability is a plus!
4	got as a gift. Might not have got for my self- but love it and glad I had a birthday - lol
4	very interesting device, but having to touch button is a pain sometimes.if that would bother you, then go with Echo.
4	Love having someone to take notes for me and play music on demand.
4	I like the product itself but its app is very slow esp. outside the U.S. when you are on the go.
4	I really haven't had a chance to use this much yet, but it seems like a coll little gadget.
4	Mostly just use it for the speaker. Still waiting on the no touch feature they are adding.
4	Does as advertise. Good for bedroom and you can plug in external speakers.
4	Good loud sound. Very good speaker. Convenient voice commands to take outside of house.
4	I wasn't sure how we would like the tap, but I must say it has been fun talking to Alexa. I like asking her to tell me a joke, play my favorite radio station or play music. The fun continues as I add apps and Alexa expands her knowledge base.
4	I would recommend this Prouducts it had great full sound full sound with a conpack
4	We're in our 70s and and have a good time with it.
4	The family really enjoys the Amazon Tap. This is an awesome investment. We talk to Alexa everyday.
4	I love the Amazon Tap. The sound is great and it's completely portable. It lacks the convenience of touch free voice command but it cost less to compensate. Excellent product for the money!
4	"Speakers has an excellent quality, despite the small size.The only disadvantage is the Amazon Echo feature, not present in this one, which you can just ""call"" Alexa and she will answer you. In this one, as the name says, you need to ""tap"" the button to wake Alexa up."
4	Enjoying my Tap, asking Alexa questions, and the small form factor makes it easy to take along while traveling. Decent battery life and sound for such a small speaker. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars, was the difficulty in connecting the Tap to public wifi's such as hotels, in my situation...takes some effort.
4	I bought this item on a whim and because it was on sale. I've been pleasantly surprised. Search sounds great for its size.
4	I have the echo, the dot and now the tap. The sound is good. Better than the dot but not as good as the echo. The thing the tap has over the echo and dot is its portability. Which is nice not have to be next to a plug all the time. I would recommend it.
4	Was gift fot my daughter. she seems to enjoy very much.
4	Good sound quality. Charging dock is an added advantage.
4	Good, but not overall as capable or comprehensive as I was hoping. Will continue to explore capabilities and Apps.
4	I like the Amazon Tap. I use it as a speaker in my garage for working out. It is tied to my Amazon Echo. I am able to use Alexa and Amazon Prime material. Would highly recommend.
4	Good but setup to enable voice control only on iOS is unclear.
4	Overall sound is not as good as Echo, my primary source for Amazon content. However, the Tap is great for medium volume music and radio stations and as an alarm clock. It's portability sets it apart, however, it's nice to be able to take it from room to room and to the garage and patio without disconnecting. Recent software update now allows listening mode. It does require a brief pause after saying Alexa wake word, but it does work. This drains the battery more quickly but you can keep it in the charger base or toggle off listening mode at the touch of a button. The portability and voice activation now make this a worthwhile addition to my Echo, which is fabulous!
4	This is a decent tag along item to go with the Echo. It does the trick as a stand alone as well if a speaker and Alexa service is all you're looking for. Only downside is, if you also own an Echo, when you push the button on the Tap to speak to Alexa, since she is always listening on the Echo, she tends to pick up your commands on the Echo as well. Be sure to place the Tap a decent distance away from the Echo. Otherwise, this does what it's intended to do.
4	For its size this is a pretty well made product that produces great sound and I love the portability.
4	"Gave as a gift.Did not know you had to ""tap"" it before you talk. Thought it was like echo.Anyway, they still love it and does not mind pushing the button to talk.Really likes that it is battery powered, portable."
4	Using it in the kitchen mainly. It has good sound, works excellent as a cooking timer. Also alarm for certain events thruout the day. Nice music source.
4	I would go for the Echo because you can talk to it. The tap you have to touch it before you can talk to it. The speaker is good though for it's size.
4	If you are a Prime member its a good little speaker to have. Need WIFI or Hotspot.
4	I understood it did not have the wake command. But it would be better if it had it.Other than that, everything is wonderful with this speaker! Really convenient to be able to listen to my podcasts without messing with my phone or apps, just ask Alexa and she plays the most recent episode!
4	I bought this after I bought the Amazon Echo. This was actually an impulse buy. I saw it and bought it not reading any reviews on it, because I enjoyed the echo so much. It does everything the Echo does, but the sound quality is not great. When you're playing at middle volume, it's ok. The lows are there but doesn't sound good. I'm guessing I'm comparing it with the Bose mini soundlink. When you set the volume high, the bass is almost non-existent. The mids and highs are loud with the louder volume. Another difference is that with tap, you have to press the mic button to start saying commands where as with the echo, you can just say the wake up word and it will start listening to your commands. I do like the fact that it's portable. Because of that, I'm on edge of returning it and holding off until maybe another model comes out with better bass.
4	Works great but wants you to buy subscription to get some music you may like, just found out it supports dish network
4	would get another, works great, having fun with all the options
4	I have several echo dots around my home, but this makes it easier for me to carry into a room that doesn't have one and control things around the house, listen to the news or music. It holds a great charge.
4	Great Bluetooth speaker with the added benefit of Alexa
4	"A friend gave me a Dot, which I enjoyed. I decided to explore the other devices. I was torn between the Echo and the Tap. After reading a CNET review, I chose the Tap because it is portable. My two frustrations are you cannot change the wake up word ""Alexis"", and you have to be exact in your language when requesting a service. If you are Amazon prime or Audible book member, it is a great addition to you household."
4	"I already own the Amazon Echo, so for smart speaker, it is one of the most handy devices out there. There is so many things you will find that you can do with it and the list keeps growing. Since the software update that allows you to use ""Always On"" voice commands like its big brother, it has become my go to device.Pros:- Wireless Bluetooth Smart Speaker - I take it to work and use it in the car, even when I travel for work- Sync's up with my popular music aps (Spotify, Pandora, etc)- Alexa is very responsive and can answer your questions quickly- The best Alarm Clock- I sync up with audio books and will use it on long car rides or business trips- Speaker is able to get loud- Control smart devices like lighting and my ecobee - Option to turn Off/On voice commands, can use tap button instead- Very long range for voice commandsCons:- Only single band Wi-Fi 2.4Ghz- Battery life when using ""Always On"" voice commands is short- Speaker quality is sub par for music compared to other Bluetooth speakersOverall the usefulness of this device is near perfect for my needs, with only minimal cons. I use this device pretty much every day and is small enough to make for an excellent travel companion.Tip for BESTBUY: You should carry cases for this device as I had to get my protector elsewhere"
4	This worked well as an extension of the Amazon Echo to cover our basement living area.
4	sound is greatdifficult to connect with hotel wifi'sseems durable
4	I am a huge fan of the echo. That being said this is the last one I would buy. The original echo's speaker sounds much better and is hands free. The dot has great connection Bluetooth and more importantly audio out to plug into a stereo system. I bought this for the purpose of being able to carry outside around the house when working in the yard. The sound is not as robust as the original echo (not portable - no internal battery), but good enough when in the yard to at least have music.
4	works as expected. great Christmas present for the kids.
4	Bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas and she loves it. Great music player with all the great Alexa capabilities. Opted for the Tap because I'm a bit weary of the Echo always listening.
4	More than you average portable bluetooth speaker. Can stream from amazon, spotify, pandora, etc. As the namesake says, give it a tap to ask Alexa any questions, add to your list, order something on Amazon, etc.Battery life is good, and speaker is decent, but can't compete your UE or JBL.
4	It was an unexpected gift. I like this more than the Alexa because this one is portable. It's great for streaming music. My kids use it all the time. Only problem so far is it does not always understand what I'm saying. Especially when saying the name of a radio station. Sometimes takes few tries before I get what I'm looking for. It has great sound when playing music. Talk radio is not as good but understandable. If you want a portable speaker and Alexa this is the one to get.
4	This was a excellent gift for the family, A good choice.
4	Was super easy to connect via Bluetooth - great sound, fun to use.
4	I( read the reviews and even listened to this in store. But much to my chagrin, at high volume, this will not cut it. The portability is great!
4	I love this little speaker. It is small enough to carry it wherever I want to bring it yet loud enough to be heard The Alexa interface is pretty cool as well. The only issue for me is that it doesn't connect with Apple Music. This issue is easily resolved by putting Tap in Bluetooth mode and playing Apple Music through my phone to the Tap
4	I've enjoyed using the features Alexa app and like the portability that this unit offers. The sound quality is good.
4	If you like the Amazon Echo and want it to be portable, this is the solution. The stereo speaker sounds good for how small it is. The built in Alexa functionality makes it a better choice than other similar sized (and priced) portable speakers.
4	Love that it's 'interactive' as long as I'm connected to the wifi or via Bluetooth to my phone! The sound is pretty good - tends to get a little 'tinny' sounding if you turn it up too loud. But overall a good sound. I'm still trying to find Alexa's limits on what she can and can't do!!
4	Have several echo's throughout the house and bought the Echo Tap so I could move it when I need to move around from the garage to outdside. Mainly listen to music and has worked well. Have noticed that I usually have to yell for Alexa to hear me but that may have to do with the acoustics in the garage. Other than that it works well.
4	If you want one of the most advanced alarm clocks on the market then this is your device!It works well. Calendar functions, plays radio, most podcasts, can order Domino's. But you have to be aware that most features require to some degree Amazon Prime membership. For example Spotify will not work unless it is a premium account.
4	excellent gift, ok sound, great portability, would buy again
4	The Tap is a great portable speaker with fantastic sound. If you press a button then you can connect to Amazon Alexa and she can play your music, answer questions, etc. Downgraded one star because there is supposed to be a hands free option for Alexa but I haven't been able to get it to work. Still great to be able to take this around the house vs Echo which is tied to the plug.
4	I liked it as it was a great price and the size was the major factor... Not too big and bulky compared to others.
4	Great speaker. Love how its portable. Good battery life. Would be 5 stars if it had the drop in capabilities like the rest of the echo family.
4	No issues at all... wish it were water proof. My kids and family love it.
4	If you want to listen to music you will have to sign for Amazon unlimited or Prime which is very expensive. Pandora does not work too well with this device as it does with Google Home.
4	you can ask alexa almost anything kids love it Plays all my music
4	I bought it for my husband for a gift but I use it as much as he does. Perfect size, good sound quality overall great product.
4	Still in the learning process--looking forward to more benefits!
4	This is actually my daughters device as I have no interest in a voice controlled spy. But, I will say that the sound from the speakers are pretty good for a small device.
4	I love everything about it.... it is portable, sounds better than most portable speakers, and Alexa rocks it. Only thing that kept it from a 5 star rating is that you have to manually activate Alexa. Wish it would work like the Echo and Dot, while it is on its base.
4	I am enjoying the Tap very much. Lot's to do and play with on the app. Still finding new things it can do daily. Great sound quality to play my music. I only wish that it had a better search engine.
4	Fantastic sound from such a small speaker, excellent! Not as impressed with its other potential capabilities- more difficult to set those up & get all the various apps needed to do things like get weather, order items, etc.. Wish it came with more pre installed I guess.
4	Good price, travels well, has a lot of good features, compact, user friendly.
4	Amazon Tap is awesome! Very happy with the purchase!
4	Bought this gift for my wife and she loves it. Works as expected.
4	Love it great speaker as long as u have access to WiFi
4	"This is a great personal speaker. I have both the Tap and the Echo. The only downside to the tap is you actually have to physically ""tap"" the mic button to activate Alexa. The sound quality is pretty good for the price. If you can afford it, I would upgrade to the Echo."
4	I have not had such a reliable speaker before. It is so easy to charge, and so easy to start playing songs right away. With Alexa, you can access information quicker than pulling out your phone, unlocking it, and pulling up Google.com. Love it.
4	"I love this product and that you can take ""Alexa"" everywhere with you because it is a portable speaker. You can connect it to your phone when away from a WiFi building. The speaker is great, it is surrounded by cloth, which I would worry about it getting dirty. The one downside to the tap compared to the Echo Dot or the OG Echo is that Alexa is not always listening and for her to work on the Tap, you have to press the speaker button. Pretty self explanatory name. You have to ""tap"" the tap. I ended up returning it to get the dot. But, like I said, great speaker, great portable device."
4	The Amazon Tap is the first step into making your home a smart home. It will act as a brain to everything else. Unfortunately, you'll have to invest quite a bit more for smart lights, thermostat, locks, etc. to get the full potential out of it. Alone, it merely acts as a Bluetooth speaker and extension of your phone.
4	Took awhile to get connected to my home wifi but now that it is it streams flawlessly with no lags in music. Doesn't have the dynamic sound range as other Bluetooth speakers i own.
4	I like how it plays music. It is perfect to connect to smart home products. Such as nest, Belkin , and many others. It is easy to use.
4	Easy setup, love that its wireless and its fun talking to Alexa as she gives excellent information.
4	Went with the portable unit for travel. Easy access and portability.
4	If you already have the Amazon Echo system then the Tap is a nice addition. I use it primarily as an outdoor speaker for my patio when the weather is nice. There are Bluetooth speakers on the market with better sound quality but it does an adequate job as a speaker. The real advantage is being able to interface with the Echo system as well as item to music, news,etc. I have not used it off it's charger long enough to comment on battery life but so far a six hour session outside was no problem.
4	I really liked this tablet. Got it for my nephew who just turned 4. Has many built in kid rated apps which keeps him entertained. The bumper is a bonus in case he drops it too. What I also like is that it had another mode to switch to in case an adult wanted to use it too.
4	It's 85% as good as an Echo... Great sound, nice and loud, but... But the button. That button!!I would give this 5 stars and buy more of them, IF it was always listening while plugged in. Other than that, it does everything an Echo does, it's smaller, and (due to the battery) portable. I like it - I do. But it's not as useful as the Echo in the situation I use it the most.
4	I really like my Tap very much. It great when it's connected. Reads me news, weather, plays music and can purchase items from Amazon That being said, I do have some connectivity problems while on wifi. I don't want to say that it's the taps fault as it may be my wifi. I don't regret my purchase. It has great sounds and recognizes my voice commands well.
4	The more I use this, the more reasons I enjoy it. The staff were great and helped me set it up.
4	It's not bad for the novelty of Alexa. Might as well get the echo. Sound it not bad and I'm no audiophile. Might be good when my echo dots come in. Is it worth it? There are better Bluetooth speakers out there.
4	Works great to control Alexa when she understands you and has good battery life but sound lacks bass except at low volumes. gets very loud at least. Easily connects to Bluetooth.
4	I prefer spending the extra $70 or $80 to get the echo
4	"Alexa do ........something? Welcome to the new interconnected world Circlers! Do you want a speaker to stream your music at a voice command? This may be for you! Do you feel that technology is driving our lives more and more toward the dystopia of David Eggers ""The Circle"" and you want to escape from technology for a while? Then likely not, as even though you have to touch the button on this unit as opposed to the always on Echo and Echo Dots, your life is still connected to Alexa via voice prompts! I liked using it for Amazon music, and the occasional Amazon Video, but i have yet to order a pizza or hail an Uber. Some people may feel they need technology to run their lives, I am not quite there yet and may never be! It is fun for what it does though, and it is a good bluetooth speaker!"
4	This is a fun and convenient toy, but I'm surprised about some of the limitations. I keep hearing the same NPR news clip when I ask for news or headline news. I would like more news highlights. When I ask for 80s music, Echo starts with the same 1 of 3 songs each time.
4	Great companion if you already have an echo and need something on the go. Love that this stream and plays Prime music. Battery life could be a little better and sound is good for speaker this size but not the best.
4	Great Amazon tap, you can take Alexa anywhere. Love it, can do the big Alexa can do and more! No know issue safer...
4	The Amazon Tap is outstanding. There have been more applications slowly becoming avaliable. It is simple to use. It works with our Nest, which is a nice application.
4	He loves electronics around Christmas so this was right up his alley! He loves telling Alexa to do things like turn up the thermostat or to play songs
4	I love it hut I think I should have got the bigger one, but its entertaining
4	This gizmo is awesome for those who want the portability and cool things you can do with the Alexa world!
4	Must have for people who have an Amazon Prime account and an Echo. Portability and water resistant. Works great by the hot tub or pool, and let's you access the normal Alexis capabilities.
4	I bought the Tap to integrate with the Echo. It is ideal for my husbands office where he can use it on his desktop in easy reach for music or to contact Alexa. The wireless feature is great but having sound activation would make this product perfect!
4	The Tap is essentially a smaller version of the Echo that has Alexa capability like Echo does, but also doubles as a portable Bluetooth speaker. You do need to tap it to ask Alexa to do anything, but otherwise it works the same as Echo. I prefer the Echo, but the Tap is great for college students and those who just want to supplement their Echo.
4	Product is great. Does a good job at interpreting voice commands. Every once in a while it would have a problem with the wifi connection.
4	..exactly what I wanted, but the battery drains FAST when on hands free mode.
4	"Thoughts of being able to have the Echo ""grow"" as I added to the list of tasks, excited me. Including the latest app, having it to recognize my smartphone's contact list to place and to receive calls. However, the Echo I purchased does not link up to my Samsung smartphone. Disappointed is a understatement."
4	I got the wrong one, plain and simple. It does what it says, and I like the connection to the internet to play music, but I should have gotten the Echo, I get annoyed at having to go to it and push the button.
4	It's pretty good for what it is designed to do: a portable bluetooth speaker and Alexa-enabled speaker. Not voice controlled so you have to touch the speaker button for Alexa. Nice thing once connected to your Alexa account is that you can play music, whatever, without having your phone nearby though Alexa only works when connected to WiFi. If no Wifi, then connect via bluetooth to play music from any apps. Battery life is also pretty good.
4	Echo sounds better for music, but Tap gives me portability. Good to have both. Now Tap is voice activated, so it's all good.
4	"Picked this up to have a portable option for playing music in the garage. Love that it's battery powered. Never had an issue of it running out of juice. The only issue I have is with the mics, it doesn't respond to your voice as well as the Echo or Dot. Then again it wasn't really designed to listen for the Alexa command since it originally required you to ""tap"" the speaker to get it to listen."
4	We have the tap and the echo. I wouldn't buy another tap. It's the voice activation that is so good. But if you don't mind having to push the button for every command then the tap is ok. But for me... only echo.
4	I bought this to listen to music. I do not use the Alexa feature all that much. The feature does work great, but it gets annoying having to press the button vs how on the echo you just speak. The speakers work great. I can hear the music crystal clear throughout the majority of my house while playing it. Bass is decent. I would recommend to someone.
4	It's nice and portable and works well on the go. Wished it had the option to be able to use voice commands without pushing the button.
4	I like the portability of the tap and the sound is nice. You can set it up to either push the microphone button to activate it or you can set it up like the echo where you just say Alexa.
4	It takes me a few tries to figure out how to connect to internet and then change it to blue tooth when needed. Overall , once it's set up it's super easy to use. Works best if you have Spotify premium. Voice recognition is good and it improves over time. Sound quality is good. Battery is really good.
4	I had trouble linking to my Joule Cooking App, finally got on the third day. I Love it now, still is learning Voice Recognition though
4	Very happy with the Tap. We have the Echo and would have to unplug it and plug it in to use it on the deck. With the Tap we just take it off the charging stand and go. No more bothering with Bluetooth speakers and using our phone when we can just play music ever from the Internet with TAP.
4	I do like the portability of my Tap. You do lose some features from the Echo - like speaking to it from across the room. But i'm happy with it and it has good sound. great to take out by the pool!
4	I have an Alexa but wanted a speaker for traveling. You can use this without a plug in cord.
4	we're early in the stages of home smartness but this is a good start
4	I have really enjoyed my Tap. Alexa responds well and I love the charging dock on my desk. The only downside is the app used for setup is not very good.
4	Besides the missing app functionality (check compatibility before purchasing), it does exactly what I want it to.
4	Nice sound for the money, good highs not much lows
4	It's pretty cool. Integration with Amazon Music via the mobile phone interface is a little iffy which is odd given both products come from the same company.
4	Tap makes a great mobile Alexa device. Not as loud as Echo but still louder than the Dot. Voice enabled Alexa works but doesn't detect voice as easy as the Echo or Dot. As a mobile Bluetooth speaker though it works fine.
4	I love this little speaker. I can just voice activate an alarm time or ask Alexa the weather for the day. It's amazing
4	Used it as a bluetooth speaker and love how I can use Spotify with it....just say Alexa, and ask for your favorite artist.....
4	The echo is easy to use and fun to use once you buy one you'll want them for all over your house.
4	Overall good, not great. I get tired of having to push the button to talk to her and she can't find a lot of the music I liked. Am getting some Dots to see how they will work. For price point it works.
4	I bought one on Prime day for about 50 shipped and fell in love with it and wanted another one and found this on eBay. I have a Sonos with Alexa, which sounds amazing, but needs to be plugged in. This is a great, inexpensive, portable, AC/DC, great sounding Alexa speaker. I don't understand why it isn't more popular, given the 10 hr battery and all the features. easy to pair bluetooth, easy wifi setup, the Alexa app makes things simple.
4	purchased as a gift but I do have the Echo. If the echo works like the Echo it will be great.
4	I haven't figured it out yet. So far it seems ok but I haven't used all of its potential yet.
4	Alexa {speaking from the Amazon Tap) is great to have around ! Current news, personal planning details as well as details that might have been forgotten are all available from Alexa..... The Tap sits next to my bed on the nite stand where I can easily call up ijnfo from my bed or as I walk by during the day or nite. Especially useful for a review of my calendar so I can review my upcoming days plans. Try Alexa in a store and my guess is you will want her at your house!
4	Tap is a versatile device that serves as a music repository with on demand playback features and surprisingly high quality sound. AI app Alexa responds to commands and requests for information promptly with some occasional minor glitches. Overall a handy and very portable device for quality music playback and as a knowledge base access tool,
4	I will rate this Amazon Tap a five stars when the application to make the Alexa commands become remote, instead of manually pressing the command button on the unit itself.
4	Got this for the family and we all love it. Great gift
4	Very easy to setup and use. Still learning to maximize the usage. The instructio is too simple and not cover much using Alexa .
4	this is a very good product, the speakers are good, the price was right. I liked everything about it, other than the fact that you had to press the button each time you wanted to talk to it, unlike the echo and the dot. The portability was good, but I didn't have much use for it being portable. Unless you are going to keep the Tap within arm's reach, you're better off with one of the other hands free voice activated products. recommended with caveats
4	This has been a very nice addition, it allows the whole family to use and enjoy it.
4	So far we are very much enjoying the product. Great for outdoor use by the pool due to its portability. We have not had a chance to really test how long it can go without a charge but a couple hours has been no problem. Only catch is that you cannot stream a single Spotify account on more than one device at the same time, so if you find yourself purchasing the Dot or Echo you will not be able to stream using the same account at the same time.
4	This speaker's forte is it's drop and charge ability. It does connect with no issues to whatever you have it paired with. The sound quality though is ok...Def not very loud and lacks the lows. But for a small portable speaker which is not expensive I would recommend it.
4	Haven't been able to train Alexa like we've heard. Probably our own fault. We have fun with it.
4	Great sound. Love it. It's value is well worth it.
4	Good product but requires hands on to operate. Good if sitting close but not if you're mobile. Wold be great if portable and hands free. Returned it and ordered the Dot.
4	The only thing we don't like is that it had to stay plugged in to work.
4	Amazon Tap pretty much works as advertised, and understand that the product will evolve with system updates. Love how the weather, traffic, movies and sports scores/schedules are answered quickly and effortlessly. This was an excellent gift as I gave it to both my son and daughter and my son, unknowingly gave we a Tap back as well. Can't wait to see what improvements are made with the updates coming
4	Pretty cool kids love it. Always adding things to my grocery list I didn't want.
4	Good sound but unlike Echo, you have to press a button on the device to have it do what you want it to do. I ordered a Dot so this may solve that issue.
4	thought rice was a little high but now that i have one, it is worth every penny. have not had any problems with it and not bothered by not having a backlight
4	This is a nice bare-bones reading device. Easy to set up and use. My greatest issue is that it isn't back lit so it can't be used w/o a light on in the room. Returning it an purchasing a paperwhite instead.
4	I like this e reader, but wish the screen were higher resolution. It requires decent light to look good, but it is easy on my eyes. The screen updates involve flashing the whole screen, which I noticed less over time. The advertised month long battery life is just standby time, it lasts much less if you are downloading and reading books.
4	Nice alternative for reading kindle books for kids. Not many features but good enough for reading.
4	I bought this because it was 30.00 off for the early Black Friday sale and it doesn't need to be charged every day like my fire tablet. (Which is very annoying to have to stop reading because the battery is dying). This stays charged for days! This works great during the day and I bought a Energizer book light for 6.99 that clicks on it. The book light works just fine for night reading. Only con is the magazines I downloaded are not in color which I miss,so I will use for books only. I like the size and I able to carry it in my purse and read as I commute.
4	I bought it for my grandson?s birthday... he loves it
4	We have one in every room and it's nice that we can ask to play music in all the devices. She has a hard time understanding Spanish words and sometimes we've noticed that she replies from other rooms (not the one we are in). Overall a good buy to help you at home or office
4	Light weight, easy to use, love the lighted background. I am unable to make it stay on page count it keeps going back to hours left to read. But other then that a great ereader.
4	I have been very pleased with my Voyage. It operates as advertised and has been a pleasure to use. Very well pleased with battery life.
4	The Kindle voyage is an improvement on the paper white. It is lightweight, compact, and easy to use.
4	Moving to this from the first generation Paperwhite appears to have been the right move. I love the new size, it just feels tiny and perfect in the hand. The new automatic brightness setting works quite well. I do wish I could crank up the force required to activate the page turn buttons however, as I have frequently hit them accidentally. The page turn buttons do work with gloves on which a great for reading in a tree stand.
4	I love this kindle. Faster than the paper white in how it responds to changing pages and/or books. The self adjusting light levels works very good in mine. Having the option on the frame to change pages is great but you have to press a little hard on the forward page button or it will do a backward change instead
4	Overall I've been very happy with my new Kindle Voyage, the screen is much sharper than my wife's paperwhite (v1) and the backlight is much more even. I've also been very happy with the page turn buttons. It makes it significantly more convenient to turn pages than using the screen and the pressure and feedback both seem about right. The only issue I have that keeps this from earning 5 stars is that the backlight on the screen has a slightly two-tone hue. It is somewhat yellowish on top and bluish on the bottom of the screen. It isn't something that really distracts from reading but it is noticeable when looking for it. Fix this so the coloring is even and it is really a perfect ereader.
4	I've started to allow this device to grow on me. Yes I saw some color variation but either my eyes have adjusted or it's gone away. I'm back to reading like I used to and love it!
4	The Voyage is easily the best kindle avaiailable. The page turn buttons are a little wonky a times, but I find the high-res screen worth it.
4	Upgraded from a paperwhite and the build quality of this unit is much, much better! Just it's kind of expensive for an e-reader.
4	I love my Kindle Voyage, however it does not have a speaker for audio books. and changes settings ie. remaining time/pages left in book on it's own.
4	This Kindle is really light weight and has an excellent screen that dims or brightens automatically. Very comfortable to hold and read. I like that it has page advance buttons on both sides including the touch screen finger swipe to advance.
4	After dropping my Kindle with a keyboard (not techie enough to know which generation it was) I did plenty of research before getting my next Kindle.I wanted a dedicated ebook as I don't want distractions when I read. Let's make this simple:I have read in sunlight and there have been no problems with glare.The automatic light makes it great for night reading.It took a while to get used to the buttons, but after my last Kindle, this was a feature I really wanted. I like them.I have read only three books on the Kindle so far and I still haven't mastered the touch of getting it to do what I want when I want. I am fighting it to highlight, and tap like a madman to change between page number and time left in the chapter/book (which are features I love).Excellent reader. I would purchase again, but I can't say with any honesty that the extra $100 was worth it over the Paperwhite, but I have no experience with that model either. I do like this more than my last Kindle, so that is all that really matters.
4	I will start off with the fact that I like paper books a lot. I bought the e reader because it's light and can travel with multiple books. The interface is fairly easy to use and it holds a lot of books. The automatic light feature doesn't work as nicely as I would. Overall I am happy with the purchase but there are features that could make it a 5.
4	I like everything about the Voyage reader. It has a crisp display, is small and lightweight. I give it four stars instead of five because the screen light takes sometimes a while to adjust. The battery life is amazing. Prize could be a little less.
4	Bought this for vacations at the beach - easy to read in the sulight.
4	E-Reader battery doesn't hold up as long as stated.
4	The Kindle was as a replacement for an earlier model. Its performance and ease of use are superb However, the battery life is far shorter than my older version. It wouldn't last from LA to Frankfort and the old one did.
4	I am a big fan of e-readers. I prefer the e-ink screens over tablet screen when reading books. I decided to pick up the new Kindle Voyage. Here are my thoughts.First, the Kindle is much sleeker and lighter than the Paperwhite model. It's very easy to hold for a long length of time without getting tired.Secondly, the addition of the page turn buttons is a welcomed addition. The buttons make it so easy to hold the Kindle with one hand and turn pages.Lastly the screen. I marked off a star because I had to return my first Voyage directly to Amazon because the top half of the screen had a yellow tint to it that was very distracting while reading. The replacement Kindle Voyage that I received had a perfect screen and the 300 ppi looks amazing. That being said, Amazon needs to really focus on quality control because I've read that the yellow tint on the screen is a common issue. If you're spending $200 for an e-reader, then the screen should be perfect. Especially since this is the 3rd generation of the lighted screens for the e-readers.If you're an avid reader, then the Kindle Voyage would be a worthy upgrade to make. If you're a casual reader who has a Paperwhite, you're probably okay with what you have.
4	The voyage is a great e reader for the avid reader. It's not a tablet so don't expect features of an internet tablet. However the auto-adjust backlight feature & minimal flash between pages makes it ideal for readers. This version includes the vocabulary builder, which I find myself using a lot nowadays. However, I'm not sure why it's more expensive than the paperwhite. That's the one I actually wanted but my local store was out of stock. I thought it included the 3g so you can download even when away from wifi but it doesn't. So that's why I'm confused on the price difference. The overall feel of it is fine. Not a lot thinner than the original. I keep mine in a case and whenever it goes idle I have to take it out of the case just to press the power button, which is pretty inconvenient. Oh and it freezes when charging which made me extremely nervous the first time because I thought it was broken but I just held the power button for like ten seconds and it was fine... other than those very minor complaints,I love it. I find myself reading way more than watching tv these days so that's always a plus!
4	The newest Kindle eReader (Voyage) is a very good upgrade over the current model. It has several new hardware & coming software enhancements over the current model. However, unless you do an extreme amount of reading, I would not recommend upgrading if you owned the current PaperWhite generation. The high price does not justify it.
4	This kindle is a great buy, pretty simple to use, very convenient.
4	I had the paperwhite, but this voyage is definitely better. The quality is better, screen is seamless with the edge, which makes it feel premium and delivers more comfortable reading experience. Lighter than the paperwhite, love the pressure sensors to change pages. Overall better experience reading experience than the paperwhite.
4	Was a gift. The receiver really enjoys it and was an upgrade from her previous kindle
4	Good for leisure/reading for fun. Not for students.
4	Good for reading white and blackScreen is still small
4	Small and light weight, easy to read from in bright light conditions
4	Great gifts!! Very much enjoyed by my family members.
4	"I purchased my Voyage yesterday. It looked like I scratched the screen today and I contacted Amazon directly and they replaced my Voyage under the warentee I did not need to go thru bestbuy. Turns out it was food and not a scratch and canceled the replacement but point is Amazon backs up their products! I do not think its worth 199$ for there is a weird screen discoloration where the top appears orangeish and the bottom blueish but only under certain lighting conditions BUT its barely noticeable. In normal light it looks quite normal. Due to cost it will be a great first purchase but no real need to upgrade from paperwhite BUT in its defense the Voyage is much much lighter, thinner and more responsive and the page turn buttons are seamless. Over all this is a mighty nice product. Side note: I own a Nook glow-light plus which is cheaper and looks nicer and has a great feel to it as well. Nook glowlight plus is more stylish with the copperish color back and white textured front. The Voyage is attractive too BUT I think it will sell better if it had a "" two toned"" color Like maybe a white front and a colored back side. Voyage is much faster than the nook but prettymuch same features. I just feel Amazon can afford to make their product more stylish. Also best buy does not seem to offer and real choices for cases on their kindles and tablets. I had to order a cover at ebay."
4	Great contrast and battery life with easy user interface.
4	Very good screen for outdoors and nighttime use. Lightweight.
4	Great alternative to using tablet for reading. Only problem is trying to read a *.pdf file - it only enlarges the page and does not resize the document to easily move forward.
4	Bought this for easier reading and it meets my expectations. Great display fidelity.
4	The text is sharp and paper like in well lit conditions. When using the backlight in dark conditions it becomes less paper like but is quiet useful if you wanna ditch clip on lights. Can set on automatic brightness level or manually set. Slim and lightweight when not using a case which I appreciate most about this kindle. Makes for easy holding and carrying/packing. Practically any book at the palm of my hand on this one device. I also like that it has page press which is outer press buttons for page turning. One con is its not all that speedy and responsive when going though the store, though it is the fastest kindle yet. I would NOT say it is 80 to 100 dollars well spent over the paperweight. In fact i would recommend the paper weight when its come down to price. Im just someone who wants the best of the best so I bought 2 of these. One for my love as a gift, then I went and bought myself one. It was a well recieved gift and I aquired major browny points. We give them 4 thumbs up. We can read together in bed, in the woods, on the road or wherever we like. This is the voyager after all and it is intended to be with you wherever you go. I would give it 4.5 if that was an option.
4	Although the Price point is a bit high for what it is I love the new kindle. The screen is beautiful, the back light with auto-adjust dimming is great, and it feels very sturdy to hold. I am very glad that I upgraded form the nook but can only give 4 stars due to price.
4	If you already have a Paperwhite then there is no need to upgrade. But if you are in the market this has an excellent display and quick page turns. The reason to buy a dedicated e-reader is the 3 week long battery life. Love it
4	Bought this for my wife for Christmas. We have been using a Nook for the last 2 years (bought at Best Buy - got 2 and a great deal) Can't use Nook to read in sunlight. The Voyage is smaller, lighter and easier to use. Have not used it yet to read in sunlight. Wish it had some other features like - color display and sound. Waiting to see if I decide to get one until then I still am using a Nook. Very easy to download a book from public library. It is a tad expensive for what it does.
4	This is my third Kindle and by far the best. I know use this for 100% of all reading - including - and the reason I bought it, for reading in the pool. I still own 2 good tablets and a laptop. This does not compete with them. Absolutely outstanding outside in Dallas. This does not overheat, with absolutely zero glare. Yes I can read in the pool on a sunny day. I have about 300 books on this and don't charge it but once every other week. I use it 1-3 hours a day without fail. I wish the unit was truly water resistant and it's built in browser is almost worthless. This is an eReader and not a tablet.
4	This is the first e-reader I've gotten and I LOVE it! In general, kindles are awesome because there is a bunch of free material you can download on amazon that you can just carry around with you. The page turning function is a little weird to get used to but you can also swipe if you don't like the sensors on the side. When you turn off the kindle there is a screen saver that is typically some kind of ad, which is kind of annoying, but it's not really worth it to pay to have the ads taken off. Again, just something to get used to. It's really easy to navigate, you can even highlight and take notes. I don't really now too much about other e-readers or kindles but I'm really happy I bought this and I'd recommend it to anyone!
4	I was impressed with the voyage overall. I especially like the light sensor feature because it makes reading enjoyable in all settings.
4	I wish it had 3G or 4G. Other than that it is great.
4	The original electronic book. Bought it for my wife who reads paper book at two to three a week. She's hooked and loves the Kindle.
4	Perfect reading light and long battery life. I really love it.
4	Very happy with this kindle. I purchased this kindle over the paperwhite due to the physical buttons.
4	I bought this game for my son, and he loves it..it is very entertaining.
4	I was expecting better battery life cause they claim 6weeks of battery life. I am getting 3weeks. I wish it was little better than that. But that's my only issue
4	The only issue with this kindle is the price, otherwise, it's awesome. Light, compact, with a long battery life and tons of features... like an automatic backlight which is useful if you read at night.
4	I really enjoy reading on the new Kindle Voyage. Have had other Kindle models before this one. I especially like the brightness and lightness of it.Only drawback I needed to get use to was turning of pages being a little hesitant.
4	The Kindle is very great reader and recommendable for people.
4	The technology just keeps getting better and better
4	More confusing. It would be nice to have a manual that is not online.
4	My biggest gripe with it was the lack of directions. My first purchase went to the wrong card because I had no idea what the 1-click option was.
4	this is a replacement for the kindle that i dropped. I love the new features of this model.
4	I really like not having the bump on the bottom like the previous Kindle reader like the previous Kindle readerI dislike the fact that the screen is not recessed like the previous Kindle reader so that you cannot set the unit down facedown
4	It is a very solid E-Reader. Nothing wrong with it at all.
4	Hy husband loves his kindle.the back light so he can read anywhere with low eye strain is awsome
4	"Lost my ""paper white"" in airplane, have to buy new one. Voyage is latest model, I like it. Friend of mine wants one as well with my recommendation, so, bought two. Nice to have them!"
4	It is a great investment. Can read at night without disturbing partner. Only disadvantage is if you lose your place it is a little difficult to find it. This could be user problem.
4	I had an old Sony e-reader that I loved but it wasn't working too well anymore. I decided that a Kindle was the only viable replacement on the market right now. (Looked at Kobo also). So far, I like it. Great screen, backlight on mine doesn't have the problems that others have complained about.
4	It will be great if the screen is larger. Otherwise it is good.
4	"Pros - weight is super light, small size, long battery, I fell it to floor a few times and screen didn't breakCons - it takes half second for the next page to appear on screen when turning pages, similar to ""fade in"" animation in PowerPoint. I would prefer more seemless appearance of next page."
4	To begin with this is the best reader available right now. Brighter than the pw2. Just awesome. Whether or not its a worthwhile upgrade from the paperwhite is another topic. Either way, it's a great piece of hardware- light, good grip, light etc. there is one HUGE issue however! The background light is not uniform- it is tinged yellow towards the top and blue towards the bottom of the device. For a $200 device thats unacceptable! How much that bothers u will be subjective and u wont notice it as much once u get into your book. The problem was present on all 3 devices I purchased (and returned), to the exact same degree. I kept the last one because it still is an awesome reader and it seems like its a production issue. Going through amazon reviews, various online forums- it seems to be present on a large number of devices if not all. Amazon refuses to address the issue, probably because they'll get sued or something for releasing a wonky product, like the iphone antenna problem bottom line- great device, but you have a high risk of receiving a unit with the gradient issue (youtube it if u cant visualize what I'm talking about, tons of videos out there describing it) . How bad it is seems to depend on your personal luck, or which batch your local bestbuy has stock from, and most importantly it will bother you / what youre willing to settle for. In my case, i hated it but there was no alternative- the pw2 seemed like a huge downgrade in a head to head comparison so i decided to keep my voyage and live with it. If thats a problem for you, wait for the 2015 edition. The pw1 had this issue apparently and it was addressed quietly by amazon in the pw2.
4	Love the backlight, great feature. Very light weight almost too much so.
4	Great ereader. Light and easy to use. Only issue is a bit pricey.
4	Very light weight and easy to read in different lighting conditions. Does not strain my eyes like the kindle fire if reading at night. I do wish Bestbuy carried more options for cases to fit the Voyage. They have none in the store at all.
4	I waited for weeks to get this new model and am happy I did. I love the new features on the Kindle Voyage. Didn't give it 5 stars due to some difficulty with the pressure sensitive buttons. I don't know if it is a flaw with the design or operator error, but sometimes it is more challenging than I think it should be to get the page to turn. It is far easier to swipe the screen so this is what I typically do. But, regardless. . . I love the Voyage! It was definitely worth the wait!
4	The touch page Turner is great, you don't have to finger swipe. Although it does take a little more pressure to use than I like I still think it is a great feature.
4	First, the good news. The screen is a nice brightness and the words are crisp and clear. Best of all, it is so light and tiny (esp. in the Origami case) that it is super-easy to carry around in a purse. Love that. Also it has an amazing battery life
4	Son loves it and uses it all e time but I wish it would share my audible acct so e would read what I listen to without us having to buy some items in two formats.. Recommended
4	I exchanged the paper white that I had bought for this Voyage. This is thinner, lighter and just easier to hold than the paperwhite. Still getting used to the archive system since I had a Nook before, bit of a learning curve. But I like the Kindle interface better than the Nook, the book suggestions and shopping for books is much better. The only thing I miss is that the Kindle doesn't tell you what % battery you have left, it just shows you the bar in the battery symbol.
4	the reader is very compact so it can easliy fit into a bag or pocket. The auto light feature is also a plus.it takes a little bit to get adjusted to the side tabs and presume that future versions of this device will be improved upon.
4	I bought this as a replacement for an older model Kindle my father wore out. Unfortunately, he cannot remember the email and password for the older model, so I cannot transfer the thousands of books he has to the new Kindle. Always write down that important information somewhere, it will make life a lot easier!
4	Very nice and easy to use and the kindle is great.
4	Good value, enjoy using it! I recommend this highly!
4	Extra features are nice and upgrading from the Kindle Paperwhite was fairly simple. Amazon did an automatic system update which was not cool. There should have been an option to update when we wanted, not when they wanted.
4	New Kindle Voyage is a nice upgrade from the basic model. Smaller e reader with a brighter light. So far so good.
4	Clear screen, buttons act up a little. After numerous days of review I feel that this was the best option.
4	Turning,sometimes the pages turn when your not aware of it. The battery length is much better.
4	the screen flush with the sides is great. The glass feeling is really nice. I don't use the side buttons for page turning but only because of habit. They are great and the need for pressure allows me to hold the kindle without changing pages. But, the price is painful. It is a splurge purchase since the paperwhite is just about as good in nearly every respect.
4	Love this product. Glad I upgraded! The features make it easy to read while traveling by car or plane.
4	pros - light compact bright fast response from touch screencons- hard to navigate. I use my old kindle with buttons to browse. This kindle can be frustratingwith its overly sensitive touch screen.Overall a very good reader but no need to purchase if happy with paperwhite versions. For someone new to kindle it is worth the price as long as have another electronic device to browse the kindle site.
4	I enjoy how small this version is, although if you are looking for a lot of features, I would recommend other Kindle products. Pretty much, this is similar to carrying around a paperback book in size and portability.
4	The automatic light adjustment is pretty cool, but I find myself accidentally covering the sensor which really throws it off.I like being able to press the buttons on either side instead of touching the screen. I also appreciate the flat surface, it doesn't seem to attract as much dust in the corners like my other kindles.
4	I like the small, light weight size, and the adaptive lighting. But the page turning is too sensitive, skipping ahead many pages when I am just moving the Kindle, and going back and then forward when I am trying to change just one page.
4	"The new Kindle Voyage is quite a step forward for the Kindle dedicated reader line. It is a beautiful device - almost like something from Apple. I like the lighted screen and the page forward and back ""buttons"" on the sides of the device. But it is rather pricey - not yet convinced it is worth the upcharge."
4	This is by far the best reader for all lighting environments. The only drawback I see are the constant ads when you log on to the device, and the library interfaceneeds to be more intuitive. However, I'm very satisfied with my purchase and use of this Voyage. I've already read over six books with it in just 3+ weeks.
4	The Kindle Voyage is the best e-reader experience available. Text is super-sharp, it's comfortable to hold, the built-in self-adjusting light is awesome, and you change the page by either swiping with your finger or pushing down on the bezel. Unfortunately, all those great features come at a $199 price that is $80 more than Amazon's Kindle Paperwhite and more than double the cost of the company's entry level reader, both of which are excellent in their own right. So five stars for the device itself and minus one star for the high price.
4	"Hands down the best ereader available. I researched several devices and it came down to the Paperwhite and the Voyage. There is a pretty hefty price premium for the Voyage. Most people will probably be very satisfied with the Paperwhite. I typically need reading glasses to read regular size print. On an eReader the font can be adjusted to make it large enough so I don't need to use the glasses. That means less text on each page and many more page turns. The physical ""buttons"" hep make the page turns easier and extra light brightness helps to add contrast to the text. These were enough to sell me on the Voyage. It was the right decision and I love the device."
4	This is definitely an improvement over the paperwhite, not sure is worth the premium though. While faster than paperwhite it is still way less responsive than an iPad, it is very hard to type on it (when searching or sharing on goodreads for instance).I like the navigation areas on the edge of the screen but I'm not crazy about them. I'm not sure what would be a better alternative but they are not all that comfortable while reading in bed. I guess a thumb swipe would still be better if the device would respond more nicely.I previously had a Paperwhite which got lost and I thought I'd better buy the latest kindle now.When I bought the paperwhite it has been an experiment, as I'm not an avid reader and I have a hard time reading paper book since I got surrounded by gadgets. I actually read few books on the paperwhite and I enjoyed it. So when I lost it (misplaced it) I was longing for it as I had few books I wanted to read.If this would be priced at least $50 cheaper I think it would be a 5 star proposition. Like it is now, it is a tad too expensive for the scope and the shortcomings. Closer to $100 it would be a sweet price.Prefered buying at BestBuy over Amazon as the loyalty programs are better (vs nonexistent) and I also used a movers coupon.
4	Got this product for a relative for christmas who had a kindle fire and was looking for an upgrade. With how far technology has grown on phones she was only looking for a reader and something that was lighter on her thumbs when reading then her kindle fire. This product was not only lighter on her thumbs but also worked great in any light.
4	I like this Kindle, but I am not sure it is worth the premium over the Paperwhite. I previously had a Kindle Fire, which was fine, but this is definitely nicer for reading. But it all depends on what you need it for, and how often you will use it.
4	Bought this reader for a present for my mom. She loves it. Able to take her book with her in a smaller form loves how it looks like paper pages. Easy to order a new book.
4	Definitely easy on the eyes for long reading sessions, especially when compared to the LCD screens of smart phones and tablets. The only issues we had were that it drops the connection to our WiFi network and then won't connect to the Kindle store. I don't think it's an issue with my network since all our other devices don't have the connectivity issues we had with this.
4	It's a great eReader and the font is much clearer than that of the Paperwhite, but that may not be enough to justify the extra $$$. The page turn buttons are a great addition too.Would be good if Amazon would add audiobook capability though.
4	I bought one last year for one cousin and had to continue for another this year. Great buy imo.
4	Bought this for my 2 yr old daughter. She was able to use it within minutes. She loves bed it, plays games on it everyday as well as we bought apps to read to her. She loves it all.
4	Best buy ever for my 3 year old. Only purchased because they were out of the Galaxy tablet. I'm glad. This tablet is PERFECT for my 3 year old. I love that it has 2 modes. The kids mode sometimes freeze and takes a minutes for apps to open. Also didn't download Netflix movies like indicated. But regular mode works great. My daughter loves watching weird homemade youtube movies anyway.
4	I will try again for the 3rd time with my new Amazon Fire. It seems to have nice upgrades.
4	Purchased the device for my son to take full benefits of his prime account. A decent device with reasonable features for the low cost.
4	My Grandson can't put it down! With access to so many educational apps and games, you really can't lose.
4	My nephew likes the 'large' size of the Fire tablet as it's significantly larger than his phone.
4	Hard to use, No way to delete things from screen. Need better manual. most books are impossible if they are reference books.
4	A great Kindle reader. Easy to order, read and store books. Also speedy for finding Amazon products and ordering them. But the other apps are really slow - too slow.
4	This was a gift from my wife. I wanted a lighter Kindle and this is it. I have been happy with this new version.
4	"I purchased this tablet knowing exactly what my needs were and how well the Kindle could meet them. Despite the ""walled garden"" philosophy that tethers you mostly to Amazon products and services, the ability (as of right now) to side-load the Google Play Store makes this a surprisingly versatile device for the price point."
4	I love it.....Reading E books here is so easyPerfect for price
4	I got this on an impulse buy, mostly for my 16+ hour flight, but also just in general. Was in line buying something when I saw this at an unbelievable price! So I bought it and have no regrets! For the price ($69.99) it's a great tablet, though you can only get apps through the amazon app store not the Android app store, which limits you. But that's alright, as I mostly got it for watching videos and movies and that sort of stuff. And occasionally some games!
4	I purchased this for a small child to use. She is quite happy with it, however it was a little too slow for my taste.
4	My son really enjoys this. Its his first tablet(he is 4) and had no problem learning how to use it.
4	The kids more expensive tablets died twice. Repair was more than the Fire brand new.
4	this was great buy & can do it all.fair price & great games
4	For the price it's a bargain. This is a perfect solution for a reader and simple browsing. I use this at night before bed.
4	I think the amazon fire offer should include a stand/cover as standard. I enjoy mine a lot more since I was forced to purchase a stand/cover which holds the tablet. Would have preferred an instruction sheet to grt everything set up for use.
4	"We bought this to replace a Kindle Fire pad and they have come a long way in this build, I would recommend this or if you like a bigger one then get then10"" version."
4	Tablet is great, battery satisfactory. Case works great, within 10 minutes of opening the tablet, my grandson dropped it. No damage!!Easy to use. Highly recommend.
4	If you're looking for a small but effective tablet that's reasonably priced, this tablet is the one for you. It's easy to understand the directions, therefore making it a snap to learn how to work the tablet. It comes in different colors and is easy to read and use. Give it a try. Thanks, Best Buy!!!
4	Great 8 inches tablet with and amazing storage for apps.
4	Sweet tablet yo, does good work for my grandma and super easy
4	This camera is a great addition to my home I really like it
4	My 3yo is quite rough with stuff, as most are. And the case that comes with it is great!!
4	Great for watching sports events away from home but within wi fi range.
4	Great tablet for under $100. HD quality and it works just as good as any tablet.
4	Loved it very good screen quality and clarity, of course its amazon so alot of the regular google play store stuff from androids isnt Available, but they have there own version of stuff that is good also, my kids loved it, i loved it, i highly recommend buying it. But if your hooked on google play id go with a Samsung tablet.
4	Screen is very clear and battery last a long time. Very good substitute if you can afford a iPad.
4	This tablet was an upgrade from the Nabi Jr for my 4 year old and she really enjoys it. There are so many apps/books/videos and it entertains her much more. The only thing i would recommend is getting an additional storage product since there isnt much internally.
4	Best thing I got my kids. They don't ask to borrow mine anymore.
4	The tablet is great and I like the warranty that it comes with, but I don't like the charging port. The wire that comes with the device is too short and will not fully snap into the device. Which will not let you charge the device unless you place it very carefully in the right position and then don't touch it. Had to buy an after market cable with an 8mm plug length to get it to charge. We bought 2 of the tablets and they both did the same thing. On one of the tablets we bought one of the magnetic plugs so that a younger children will not have problems with a loose plug.
4	If you don't want or need something cheaper than an iPad but of quality, this is a great happy medium.The processor makes for a fluid ride with it. It's speedy. The Android Store gives you good app options and the Amazon ecosphere is everywhere here.The software is a touch buggy but it's still a great deal of a tablet.For a child, for something you want to use casually on a dime, it's recommended.
4	Good if you want something inexpensive and Will do the minimum very well.
4	I picked this tablet up for a 5 year old grandchild as a way to learn how to use a tablet works fine .
4	Great for kids. My grandson (5 years) is very happy with it
4	I'm new to tablets but this one is pretty easy to understand and use.There's a decent amounts of apps at start up, which can be good and bad.
4	very good product in its price range affordable and very good
4	We've had three of these Kindles. They are well built and you can't get the quality in a tablet from any other manufacturer. Amazon has great support with them.
4	One of the best tablets. Good for watching YouTube and reading as well.
4	This is great if you have two kids and want to give them a tablet to play with. My problem is that my child is dyslexic and this is the lowest level reader that currently supports audible.com... that is the hardware supports audible. In order for my child to use audible I had to disable all of the family features and try to turn it into a reader... I was sad because there are lots of great family features that I had to disable.I did not use geek squad, I reached out directly to kindle support. Pre-sales, they could not tell me the difference between the free and paid family packages. I had to get to a senior person to help me figure be out why audible did not work and the to disable the family features ... even then, I could not disable the Alexa app. My child has full access to Alexa and the rights to turn on shopping.... kind of scary.So my disappointment is that Amazon does not make a kid friendly kindle that we can have audible.com on for my child's learning disability.
4	Fast processing great battery reads to me when my eyes bother me. Expandable memory a big plus.
4	I decided to buy this instead of a traditional kindle and I do not regret my decision at all!The only con (for those evaluating this as a tablet) is that Amazon has their own App Store. Many apps from GooglePlay/AppStore are simply not available.
4	Bought it for our 2 year old son, has really helped with his vocabulary
4	This is the best tablet you can get for under $100. I have used or own many tablets including Ipad Pro/Mini, Samsung Galaxy Tab and Nexus. They are popular high-end tablets but easily cost over $300 or $400. I was very surprised by quality of this tablet and it gives you much more than what you pay. Battery performance is great- it easily lasts over 10 hours after charge. Speakers are solid with two drivers. Performance is decent although not as fast/responsive as high-end tablets. I was bit disappointed at its low contrast display. However for its price, I cannot complain too much.
4	Love the tablet mainly use for games and internet. Grrat product foe the price.
4	Great little device that does almost everything a Tablet does. I use it as my computer when I travel as well as a reader.
4	I purchased the Fire Tablet basically as an e-reader. However, after finding out how to install the Google Play Store, it is much more. Nothing speedy or top of the line, but what would one expect for the price. No regrets!
4	Improved over the HD 7. Things set up differently but not hard to learn. Also a bit heavier than the 7 so reading in bed a little harder
4	Got it for my daughter for her 5th birthday. She enjoys it slot and I enjoy the time limit. So win win.
4	Got one for my son and hasn't put it down. Well till the timer shuts it off. He is 5 and loves it.
4	WISH the kindle fire (for kids) had better way to limit how many items you can download at once. Most kids do not understand that clicking on a bunch of pictures will download that game/program, which is CLOG download times. Needs a better way to remove unwanted items, rather than clicking.. and clicking on every item. Speed and performance is pretty good for a tablet. App store is great and has many items.
4	Great tablet. Great performance and is stable. I have ipads and other tablets and I really enjoy reading and watching shows on my kindle fire vs any other tabletThe kid version is kind of annoying. So.many. apps.. ugh. And kids dont understand that they have to wait longer if they're going to download 100 apps at one time..
4	Bought this as a gift but was wrong item wanted so wasn't used
4	Christmas gift so it's to early to tell, arrived on time
4	This was a great purchase and would definitely buy this again. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is a programmer glitch. They need to fix screen where little ones can't stop or change icons while they are watching or playing games. Frustrating for two year old to stop cartoons by accidentally touching screen
4	Pros: liked the warranty, liked that it came with a case making it cost less than buying one separately. Cons: One grandchild was too old for the games included on his locked portion. Was hoping I could put games on a particular grandchilds site and lock it so he couldn't download other things. Would recommend this only for very young children.
4	Love the idea of it. Not as easy to put the DVD movies on it .
4	I bought two of these kindles. One for my preteen granddaughter whom had no problem at all being up and running. However, My senior mother found that the touch screen was not sensitive enough for the menu to drop easily for her. As a first time user on the kindle fire my mom will take time getting used to it. However, my tech savvy granddaughter loves her already.
4	Bought as birthday present for grandson and he plays with it daily and with the case on it he hasn't broken it either.
4	I like that the tablet has child settings and time usage. Very helpful in setting time limits.
4	What I expected. A better then budget tablet ata good price. Bought for the integration with Alexa and it works well, more info about your Alexa request will show up automatically on the tablet.
4	Bought this tablet to replace a 3 year old Galaxy Tab. This tablet is quick and easy to use, relatively streamlined. The screen is nice and the stereo speakers, while tiny, sound better than my old tablet. The modified Android system that Amazon is running on this tablet is good, just a bit restrictive. All in all a good tab for general browsing and popular apps.Pros:-Price-Performance-Feels sturdy-Easy to navigate-Silk browser works greatCons:-Not all apps are supported on here, like Telegram-Ads on lock screen feel unnecessary, but not a hindrance-Not as customizable as other Android tabs
4	Takes way to long to get a full charge. Other then that works great would be better if it had a better camera on it
4	It would have been nice if the charging cord was more compatible with other devices.
4	My grandson really enjoys his new Kindle that he for for a Christmas present.
4	Bought this for a Christmas gift. Have heard good things about them and it was a recommended buy.
4	She hasn't used the it yet, but my son did a quick check and it seems just fine.
4	This was a Christmas present for my niece, she loved it.
4	This was a gift for grandchildren. I am sure they will love, seeing they used the older one we have.
4	Great upgrade from Kindle Fire. Reasonably priced for product.
4	Works very well. Easy to carry around & connect to wifi.
4	Bought as a gift to my dad and he likes it so far. It's fast enough for apps and great for reading
4	nice item, and cute. the tablet is difficult to navigate
4	Got this for my 3 year old due to it having the bumper and I will tell you it's well worth it. I couldn't tell you how many times its been dropped and survives every time.
4	My daughter loves that it is pink and she enjoys watching videos/playing on the tablet, which is what really matters. Sufficient and cheaper alternative to the more expensive tablet alternatives.
4	My daughter absolutely loves her new tablet. And it does do everything I wanted it to do for her. The free year of Amazon Freetime is an awesome bonus!! The only problem I have with it is that whenever your wifi gets turned off and then back on, your apps on the kids profile have to load again almost as if they haven't been downloaded yet. This happens if the wifi strength gets weak also and it really frustrates my daughter who is 4 years old. I wish that could be fixed because other than that, the tablet is GREAT for my daughter and she has so much fun with it!! I'm sure other kids will love it also!!
4	My son loves this thing. He is always on it. Great learning tool and it keeps him entertained
4	Purchased this for my son. Decent tablet but not optimum
4	good price for the product. I purchased for my middle school son.
4	Got this for my 4 year old daughter, she enjoys playing games and reading books. A faster processor would me it better.
4	Got this on sale for 69, decent display but you can tell it is not on par with other tablets. It is great if you have prime and use their services. Great speakes, makes a huge difference in Audio quality. Battert life is good, no complaints. I gave it 4 stars due to the play store access. There is a way around it, I do have it on here now but it took some work.
4	We have several kindles and this is the latest version. Its packed with Amazon marketing stuff which is fine if you use them but most just take up space for us. This new version comes with 16gb but allows you to expand the memory with an sd card which is great. One problem if you have a few other kindles is that they are linked to your account so if they are for different family members/kids they may end up with the same stuff on them. My kids mainly use them for game apps and YouTube videos which am seem to work great. The sound is good and the hd video is nice. Overall happy with it and the price was good for this type of tablet.
4	Overall, very impressed especially when compared to my iPad mini 4. This tablet does it all and makes for an excellent e-reader, while also boasting specifications that rival any iPad.
4	Great tablet for the price. Add to that expandable memory and it's a great gift for the holidays.
4	This 8 inch Fire is definitely better than the cheaper 7 inch. It works fine enough for teens to play games and watch movies.
4	I like the fact that it comes w/a case. It's easy for the child to operate, instructions are clear.
4	Just decent tablet... working fast, but it needs more language support and apps as well...
4	Great tablet but apps limited comparison of other tablets.
4	My Mistake to buy for 1yr old.But my 30yr old son enjoys it!
4	Has meet all my needs plus some. Recommend you buy a good stylus pen at the same time.
4	Has a few quirks that are disconcerting bur overall a great product.
4	I'm a Windows person & this is not Windows. I'm still learning. I am happy with the size as it fits easily in to my purse, but I HATE touch items - I always seem to touch the wrong area (like spelling something, I go for a letter & get one of the letters next to - so it slows down my typing - one of the reasons I don't have a smartphone). All in all it's pretty good. I guess I would recommend it because it's the way this world is turning. However, they don't make a glass protective screen cover - only plastic.
4	I'm a Windows person & this is not Windows. I'm still learning. I am happy with the size as it fits easily in to my purse, but I HATE touch items - I always seem to touch the wrong area (like spelling something, I go for a letter & get one of the letters next to - so it slows down my typing - one of the reasons I don't have a smartphone). All in all it's pretty good. I guess I would recommend it because it's the way this world is turning. However, they don't make a glass protective screen cover - only plastic.
4	Great for the kids. Durable. Nice that you don't have to download any software or block anything. Slow tho!
4	Nice and durable good for the kiddos but they like it so much you do have to limit their time on it
4	This tablet is quite durable. The pink is vibrant and it's very easy for little fingers to hold. My granddaughter loves it.
4	Good tablet durable lots of apps just right for 3 year old
4	We bought this as a replacement. My daughter cracked the screen on her other one right before Christmas. We love it! Only issues we have is something she does will make it so only half the apps/games show. However we like she can only play safe age appropriate games and don't have to worry when she's on it.
4	This tablet is easy to set up, has great resolution, and is perfect for reading books or surfing. The price is affordable, too. It is perfect for anyone who wants a fun and casual way to use technology.
4	It's easy and intuitive. The only criticism is that it should be easier to go right into an application, instead of watching an advertisement, then having to figure out how to exit it
4	BOUGHT FOR 3 YEAR OLD GRANDAUGHTER. SHE LOVES IT AND NOW SHE WON'T NEED TO STEAL MOMS TABLET OR PHONE.
4	Bought this for my wife. She is a constant reader and put away her previous Kindles for this one. She now has internet access also, so she can find more books anytime she wants.
4	Bought this for my wife. She is a constant reader and put away her previous Kindles for this one. She now has internet access also, so she can find more books anytime she wants.
4	We bought this for my Mother in Law for Mother's Day. She's not very tech but she's had no problem using.
4	We bought this for my Mother in law who isn't very tech savvy. She has no problems using
4	This was a gift for a 4 year old who was enjoying it immediately with very little adult assistance required. Haven't used it myself, but probably won't, its for kids! Good purchase.
4	Bought this for my mom who is 93 and her other Fire deceased. It was very easy for me to set up for her and transfer over her account information. She has really enjoyed using it and has even started using some new apps. Due to her age and my not living closer, it would be nice to be able to have a print copy of how to do things. Otherwise it is surprisingly easy for her to use.
4	I like the shape and size of this Kindle, and the graphics are good. But if I play a game for very long the charge seems to run out pretty quickly. It is very good for books and for music. I would recommend it for those categories.
4	Does a lot more than old tablet.It Hasmore memory.
4	Does a lot more than old tablet.It Hasmore memory.
4	Easy to use tablet. Price is pretty good. My mom loves it.
4	Fun and reliable. Good quality for the money. Easy to use.
4	I love my kindle, I can listen to music,read my emails, or pick a book to read. Everything loads up easily.
4	Kids love it. Easy for them to use. Only issue is there is a ton of Ads that pop up.
4	Perfect for my elderly mom to play games and use for reading
4	Simple to use and setup for a 2 years old toddler.
4	The overall design makes it fir very nice in the hand. It is very easy to setup and has features that I did not utilize on previous Fire tablets. I like the camera and the Blue Shade ability. I like to read before bed and the color really does help me wind down. Long lasting battery!
4	This is a nice little tablet and Great for the kids
4	We got this for a young girl who is 9. She loves it and there a lot of Apps that she likes. There are parental controls which is a plus, recommend for almost any age group.
4	This tablet is small, compact and easy to handle. It's easy to figure out the main functions. My one complaint is that it does not support some big apps such as Dropbox or Google Drive.
4	Very easy to use for our seven year old. Will probably upgrade in a year to something with more capabilities and more memory. She had an iPad (lost it) and misses that, but this is the compromise until we see more responsibility in how it's treated. Seems durable thus far.
4	Bought this as a replacement for my child's iPad. Took her a little while to learn the new OS but once she got the hang of it it was pretty easy. Lots of content and excellent at the price point.
4	My only dislike is that being a Kindle, my Kindle books cannot be sorted into categories. It's harder to find new books I've downloaded some time ago when I have to search through all of them.
4	I'm not very good with electronics, so I was worried about learning how to use my Kindle Fire. I had no problems at all with navigation of this device. I feel it's also fast I was expecting it to be sluggish. I think this is great for the beginner and is a great bargain.
4	I got this because it was a cheap tablet. It does great for watching videos from the tablet and sound is good also. I don't like the amazon ecosystem or app store. I wish they would sell android tablets with their apps on them like they are doing with their phones.
4	Better than I expected for the price. Works good and I would fully recommend
4	Purchased as a replacement for an older kindle and the fire HD did not disappoint. The intended recipient was thrilled that a camera came with it. Well worth the money.
4	Bought one before for my son and now he's brother turned 2 years and I decided to get one for him. He enjoys his tablet and battery life is good and I installed the educational app he wanted.
4	The idea is great, a kindle just for kids. Design just for them with pre-approved content.The price was great. I got it for $79.99 on black friday. Plus, it has a 2 year full replacement warranty. They break it, we fix it. Is that simple.Content, wow tons of apps, interactive books and videos.User Interface, not the best one. Amazon should create a computer base aplication to enable and edit all content.
4	Not only is it an excellent first tablet for a child, but it is a kindle. They can grow into it as well. And from studying up on the product before hand, I was able to determine that they have excellent customer service! That is a big plus!
4	Bought the device as a gift for someone and so can't comment on the usage, however it was a good price for a device that seems very versatile to me.
4	This tablet is designed primarily to sell, distribute and store media purchased from the Amazon.com product line, ie Kindle e-books, movies viewed or stored from their online movie streaming service, etc., and it does that very well.Reasonably sharp screen, good sound, good battery life and decent component materials. It uses their version of the Android OS which they call the Fire OS which is decently responsive and fairly intuitive to use - Be aware that you cannot install or run most apps purchased from the Google Play store, but must rely on Amazon's own app store which is decent, but not as extensive as either Apple's or Google's.
4	Good product. Onboard storage does fill up quickly.
4	This is an excellent product for kids. There are lots of games, books (including interactive ones) and cartoons. I also like you can set a time limit for how long you want your child to play or use the Fire. The only downfall is the charger cable sucks.
4	We bought it on a bunch and we're very pleased with the ease of use and the way our granddaughter was motivated to use it.
4	Tablet work great, good battery life. Just not a lot storage, but has micro SD card slot.
4	The Amazon Fire HD8 is a great tablet at a bargain price. Purchased at Christmas time for $59. It's an even better value if you have an Amazon Prime account. Only downside is the use of Amazon's Appstore instead of the Google play store which has more variety.
4	Only problem is that it is impossible to read or do anything on the KindleFire with any light in the room at all
4	Bought for my daughter instead of an I-pad. Works well, love the Amazon Underground App Store, but battery life doesn't seem to last as long as older I-pads. Easy enough though for a child to use.
4	With the Amazon fire tablet you get everything you would expect in a high-end tablet for less than $100. That's hard to beat!
4	I bought this to replace a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. I absolutely love the Kindle HD 8. It was easy to set up and very easy to find my way around. The only reason I took off 1 star is that I have found some apps are not available for Kindle. But so far from info I have read online there are ways to resolve this issue.
4	I have a nexus 9 but it is painstakingly slow so I wanted something that does not lag Everytime I try to use the browser and does not freeze whilst playing games and this gets the job done very well. The battery life is also very good. Highly recommended for casual browsing and games.
4	Excellent and inexpensive. ITunes store and Google Play store have more apps to choose from, but this is still a very useful tablet. Expandable SD micro memory a definite +.
4	"I liked the volume buttons on the side of my old 7"" Fire better than on top like this new 8"". That's the only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating."
4	It works fine, but sensitive to swipe on one side.
4	The HD8 is a Great tablet. I purchased two for my daughter's. The tablet feels durable to touch. The screen picture is crisp and clear.
4	We bought this as a gift for someone who travels often. She loves it and said the quality it as expected.
4	This is great to occupy your child on the long road trip or just when you need a break from entertaining the little one. Works great and they can damage or mess up their own toys without using your cell phone or other adult device.
4	I bought this tablet for my mom on her birthday recently. She loves it and uses it all the time.
4	The screen is great on the Fire HD 8. This tablet was given to a child and she loves the tablet. The only thing I don't like about the whole Amazon experience is the advertisement. Other than that, the tablet is nice.
4	"The fire hd 8 is a nice improvement over the 7"" model. First, the extra ram makes browsing noticeably smoother and the screen is crystal clear. It is not on the same level as apple ipad or samsung galaxy, but still a huge improvement over previous kindle tablets."
4	"I bought this to replace a 7""fire hd tablet that broke. Amazon changed the operating system so it took me a while to figure it out. I set this up for my son with special needs. I tried to make it as simple as possible for him. It is a little bigger. The sound isn't as good as the previous fire tablet. It also seems very slippery. I got a rubber honeycomb type cover for it. That seems to help us to grip it better. Over all, it's a good tablet for a child. Just use parental controls, and get a good cover for it."
4	Great for kids. The bumper around the tablet has saved it several times. I might buy a larger screen tablet the next time around. The programs are easy to access and love the parental controls.
4	My little one loves all free apps.Shes quiet on long car rides when she brings along Fire table.
4	The tablet has been working fine, I would prefer instructions on the PC to explain how to do things versus on the tablet itself, but my older son is able to figure out how to do things and my 7 year old daughter (who got the tablet) seems to be navigating around fairly easily, so I am satisfied so far.
4	I use my fire hd8 to download books from the library. Easier to read than on my smartphone.
4	I purchased the kindle fire because I needed a entertainment only device for long flights. This device is the perfect size for travel and easy to use and set up with your Amazon account. It is worth purchasing a Fire tablet if you are an Amazon Prime member. If not, I would not recommend it because the available apps are limited . My only complaint about this device is that if it freezes it is difficult to reset.
4	The Fire HD tablet is a good product. The screen has good viewing angles and the display is on point. However, the major issue I have are you have to be online to make any setting changes to the tablet.
4	Bought for the daughter for Christmas and seems to work great
4	Great for a 2 yr old, and will use it till he's older
4	This was just the right screen size. We were price shopping and luckily found it on sale too.
4	Did a lot of checking around and found this to be the best value.
4	Very competitive Price - Unit works well we like color and size
4	Works good, has very nice screen brightness and resolution
4	Thought this would be a great gift for the kids and the price was right
4	Both my 2 year old and my 4 year old love this tablet!
4	I bought this for learning and entertaining purposes. My daughter is 5 & enjoys it. I compared this to other learning tablets and found for the price & protection plan this works best for us.
4	In a field full of options, the Fire Kids Edition really comes among one of the top contenders. Great parental controls and great array of downloadable content makes this a great stepping stone into the world of tablets for kids. I see reviews that list battery life as a con, but at over six hrs. and for the price, what more do you need. I'm buying this for my four-year old and I'm not planning on her being on the tablet for six hours, let alone 8 or 9, which is what bigger tablets can handle. If you have older kids, perhaps you may want to consider a bigger, more powerful tablet. For the pre-school crowd, this is just a great tablet for both learning and entertaining.
4	Needs to be a way to lock screen. Kiddo loves the device for books and movies on long road trips but accidentally turns off screen or clicks out of it.
4	Exciting tablet still amazed by the ease of use great product all in all
4	I got it at a great price. They price matched for me. Much faster then getting my laptop out to check email
4	i like the tablet only thing is im not a fan of the amazon app store. wish it had google play.
4	If you're a Amazon frequent flyer like me, HD fire is very fun and convenient placing all aspects of Amazon at your finger tips. The only thing i dont like about it is that its slow like most tablets.
4	Small, portable and very easy to use. I have not had any issues as of yet.
4	My grandson loves it, uses it all the time. Its great
4	The general use for this tablet is only worth for Amazon users mostly so unless your buy and use Amazon products, I don't recommend this to anyone else. The tablet is not excellent compared to others but it is fairly good for an affordable price.
4	Purchased as a gift for my nephew He's was very happy with this item no complaints
4	Was a gift for 7 yr old granddaughter she just loved it one of her favorite item she plays with. It goes with her almost everywhere
4	This gift was for my mother in law. Initially I had to help her set it up, but she loves it and can now program it all by herself. Recommeneded!
4	I bought this as a gift for my smart 1 yr old niece and she loves it. she is always using the tablet. it's her favorite toy.
4	My Dad, retired Vietnam veteran, received this as a gift and he Loves it so much. Very user friendly and great quality for the price.
4	I like that the tablet has child settings and time usage. Very helpful in setting time limits.
4	It was a gift for my granddaughter and she seems very happy with it so far.
4	I've love kindles for years and was looking for a bit larger reading area. That is what I got and more. I very satisfied EXCEPT it just goes blank repeatedly and for no apparent reason stay on and I am back to satisfaction.
4	About what you'd expect from Kindle. Bluetooth connectivity, battery life all good
4	best choice under 100$ in marketamazon is the best!!!
4	bought as a gift she loves it great with amazon prime
4	Great for reading and Netflix. Fits nice in purse. Good price.
4	I like this is great I bought it my friend he was pleased abount
4	I use it everyday after work for down time.........
4	It is an amazon amazing among many things that can be used by many people and always will be a good product to use for many people to tryout and have an important experience for their family. Amazon Kindle fire 16gb with side that has slot for the extra memory in the form of a memory chip.
4	It is good. Some apps are not available. Easy to use.
4	Nice and light. Does not have as good of battery as advertised but still very nice.
4	nice reader. almost perfect for what i want/need. good bargain
4	Video quality is very good. Works well with Amazon Prime Video and Music - no surprises there. Apps are VERY disappointing - many common apps are not available - even though there are Android versions! Not bad if you have modest expectations.
4	Video quality is very good. Works well with Amazon Prime Video and Music - no surprises there. Apps are VERY disappointing - many common apps are not available - even though there are Android versions! Not bad if you have modest expectations.
4	You will not find another tablet like this with the affordable price.
4	Needed an inexpensive and portable Alexa device and this works perfectly.
4	Once taking time to install google play store, It functioned as good as any other android tablet. The down side is camera which doesn't produce clear pictures.
4	It is well designed with a safe cover for kids. It also come with 2 year warranty. My son loves it already.
4	My 5 year old grandson really enjoys his new tablet. He's had it for several months. The only negative I see is the charge port is starting to get loose. The small plug is maybe not robust enough for a 5 year old.
4	Bought one to replace the smaller (non HD) version. Lot faster and picture is noticeably better. Would recommend for anyone not wanting to spend the extra $50 or so on the big names.
4	It's good for doing a number of basic tasks. The Amazon Underground feature is really cool. It feels like an Android but more limited.
4	Pretty decent tablet. Good for mindless games and Netflix. You get what you pay for.
4	Pretty decent tablet. Good for mindless games and Netflix. You get what you pay for.
4	Bought for wife who is not into the techie word. She likes it - suggest buying a protective screen and padded case for it.
4	Got this for my 3 year old son. He plays with it every now and then but it's good for introducing him to educational things. Glitchy at times but that's to be expected with how much it cost.
4	my grandson had one and likes it. so i bought it for my other grandson
4	This tablet works great and my daughter loves it. Only reason not 5 stars is because you cant access google play without rooting the tablet. Way to ruin android amazon.
4	Got these on black Friday for early Christmas gifts. Very good buy on a pretty good tablet.
4	I like my tablet. Been doing a lot more reading than normal with it. Only disspoinment is that my TV has automatic Chromecast and you cannot cast to it on my Toshiba TV. Works on others. TVs. I like it.
4	The product was on sale for Black Friday. Serves its purpose. Quality is good and I use it with my Chromecast.
4	It isn't consumer friendly. There is difficulty navigating.
4	Good for watching movies, reading books and playing games but don't expect to do much more. Everything else can be a challenge and it can get laggy and once in a while it'll just shut down a program or completely reboot.
4	This tablet works well for surfing the internet and playing music.
4	Excellent quality and durability for a young child
4	Hadn't really checked into Kindles/tablets before. Does more than I expected it too, tho now I'm a little disappointed that it's a little limited to Amazon-related and approved stuff. The app store for the device is more limited even tho it uses a form of Android (which means no Flash also). But I'm mostly using it for reading, so I'm happy with it and would recommend it. The 8 was the perfect size for me, the 6 screen was too small for reading comfortably and the 10 was too big as a handheld.
4	Tablet is good for beginners and those that like to read
4	I bought this for my sister as a gift so she need not use her laptop for basic internet surfing and to watch movies while travelling. The device speed is decent although you cannot compare the performance to a laptop. If you want to avoid carrying a bulky laptop during travel and want a budget make do device for laptop then choose amazon fire tablet.
4	"When used with AMAZON Prime and the ""FreeTime"" app for kids this is a great tablet. Installed a 64 gb micro SD and install as many apps to the card as possible to insure that the tablet has enough free space to handle videos. Easy enough to use for our 5 year old granddaughter."
4	It's a good tablet for a young kid. A little hard to navigate even for adults. Cant figure out how to navigate the internet!
4	I thought it would be good for my 2year old he does awesome on a iPad but could not get the hang of the kindle fire
4	I don't know why it takes long to come on and it goes off on me my kids have no problem
4	I got my father a Amazon Fire he's never used a tablet let alone a computer. So it was a challenge. He did pretty good but ha's a hard time seeing the screen.
4	This kindle is very slow at recharging. Granddaughter has a hard time waiting for it to charge.
4	Good for convenience when other devices are tied up, but the keyboard lags a little slower than I would like.
4	The tablet is good for games like solitaire or other app games, and of course for books. But for internet or other applications, it would not be the top choice. Good buy for the money.
4	Like that I can send and receive e-mails and do general office work and use for pleasure and research.
4	He loves to play games and watch videos and take pics
4	its good performance and highly recommended to amazon users
4	Overall very good product for kid. Much robust and easy to operate.Only downside is that it is sometimes very slow.
4	Bought this for my 2 yr old. Easy to use. Good parental controls. As long as you're not comparing it directly to an iPad, then it's a pretty good tablet for the $$
4	Good and fast for kids does have very good control of parents on that
4	Good beginner tablet for kids. Could use a better resolution screen, but overall it is good.
4	Good product for a young child to play with without breaking
4	I believe it depends on how you want to use it. I bought this for my young kids and they are loving it. They can do basic stuff like surf the internet, watch youtube and play some games. The only complaint that I have is that sometimes it does not charge, even if you have have it connected for the whole night. You just have to restart the pad so that it can charge, but that is the only glitch.
4	I like the Amazon Platform that it is on as it ties into my Amazon account.
4	my kid loves it of course. I haven't had a chance to look at it's potential for parent use, like email. Seems like a winner.
4	My son loves it and he's been using/playing with it every after school.
4	This fire tablet has long battery life. Reasonable fast
4	This is a great tablet for kids. It has a separate screen for kids that has all their content so you know they are not doing anything they are not supposed to do. There are a lot of parental controls and time settings for restricting how long they are able to watch videos, play games, or read.
4	We have an iPad but bought this for the kids unlimited prime content. We have enjoyed it and it has a lot that the iPad doesn't. The menu could be more friendly but I like the parental limits it has.
4	My 5 year old loves her Kids Fire Edition Kindle! Very easy for her to use.
4	I like it my son can watch his 2 favorite shows with out any problems
4	my son loves it, is on it all the time, loves all the games. always trying to download all things all the time.
4	Serves its purpose for the price. Would much rather have the iPad for ease of use, but it is well protected and good my my toddler to play with and not make me worry about it being broken.
4	Good tablet for young kids. Battery life could be better
4	Bought this for my wife and she loves it! This was our third kindle over a period of many years'Can't go wrong for the price.
4	Got it on sale and it's good for what you pay for instead of paying a lot of money on an iPad.
4	It works well for what I needed. I purchased for great price on black Friday.
4	Purchased for 8 yr old daughter. It's easy for her to use and allows me to set time limits on her game, internet and streaming.
4	I got this for my son to play games on soI could get my iPad back. Personally I think it's a great little tablet for kids and or for reading. Other then that it's not a high powered game playing tablet or anything to keep lots of storage on. But it works for what it's intended for andI have no problems.
4	I got this for reading books, I still like ipad better though.
4	I wanted something bigger than my phone for reading. I was looking at the kindle fire, and the regular kindle e-readers. I liked the paperwhite and voyager, but they didn't have the ability to play audiobooks. I decided to go with the fire because even though it will be mostly used for reading, I can do many other things with it for a cheaper price.
4	It's good for small children. They cannot get to setting too easily
4	Good tablet but no YouTube kids like on iPhone. Don't expect iPhone/pad quality very basic AppStore for children
4	Enjoy reading books on it as well as viewing videos.
4	Cant beat it for the money, plus its very durable....
4	Nice little tablet for the money. A few ads to deal with.
4	Does the trick. This is a good tablet for the price.
4	I've had iPad mini's before so this tablet in my opinion can't compare. However, that being said. I bought this tablet for the purpose to watch Netflix and read books on. In my opinion it handles these two task perfectly. The screen isn't as clear and crisp like other tablets but hey I didn't pay $300 for it either. I like this size and it seems fast. I'd have to say I like it a lot. On another note, I'm giving this review only 4 stars because i am absolutely annoyed at Best Buy and their shipping. This is about the 3rd time I've ordered a product and had it shipped to me and Best Buy said it would be here at a certain date and UPS screws It up every time. Don't have any issues anywhere else but always when I order from Best Buy and have it mailed to me. Anyways, the tablet is good for the price and I'd recommend it over any other lower end teblets.
4	It was a good gift for the price and had many features and options
4	It's a good starter tablet, to bad it runs on the Amazon OS.
4	Nice screen, got it at discounted price for my kid, replaced a smaller one he broke. Tip add a child proff cover. The migration executive experience amazing! Picked up from cloud and i was good to go!
4	Screen is good . Lack of Google play kinda hurts but you will survive. The issue of back buttons or multifunction buttons is that sometime they don't appear when you need them.. as they are part of the screen . So you have to kinda summons them which is a pain
4	So I think I would have rated 5 stars however when I got my tablet home my 8 year old used it for a total of 2hrs...the next day it had a reboot screen similar to Dos windows. Excellent customer service at store allowed me to exchange next day. No problems with the second one. Great tablet for the price.
4	Got it last black Friday. Was looking for a cheap decent tab. Could've been better if there was a mirroring capability.
4	I bought this tablet to be pretty much exclusively an e-reader. It's actually cheaper than most of the kindles. For that limited use, it works fine. I don't think I would want to use it as a general purpose table (too slow!). Makes a fine e-reader though. As for recommending this to a friend, I would, but would make sure they knew what I use it for.
4	It's not a regular tablet but I just use it to use Facebook
4	I am satisfied with my products. I look weekly for a good deal. I look forward to more deals
4	A good choice for younger children. I bought for a 4 year old to replace a Nabi. However it doesn't have as many app choices as an Android device
4	My son just loves it and he thinks it's easy to use and the case that comes on it has saved it
4	Nice tablet, great price for the product makes a good gift for someone.
4	Bought for my kid - 5 year old Kid. Worth a buy. Recommended.
4	I bought this for my 3 year old son for Christmas. It keeps him busy while my wife and I take him out to dinner at a restaurant. It's relatively easy to use and he likes some of the kids videos we downloaded for free.
4	Only cost me $59 at Black Friday. Good deal. Way cheaper than an iPad of which I have several. This was for my young kids. The only knock I have has to do with the you tube kids app for this vs apple products. On apple, you tube kids allows you to speak your search. You only have the option to type the search in for this which is problematic for young children who cannot read or write
4	This was a good pick for first kids tablets. I just wish getting to their apps was a little easier
4	But the youtube app has so many ads it has the kids on all kinds of stuff.
4	Good kids tablet for games and videos but the charger is pretty annoying.
4	Good quality little tablet, great for kids. Locked down and does not run full Android so you cannot use google play store apps.
4	Not very user friendly, in addition the camera exposure is not sharp enough. However a great tablet for a child to play with.
4	I like this tablet, its thin, light and easy to use. It's great for kids and adults as well.
4	I purchased this item for my husband and he has liked reading Kindle books on it and the other features like Silk, etc. Light little tablet with good features.
4	Great tablet for a kid enjoys very much would buy again
4	Bought this for my 87 year old grandmother who wanted to be able to play games and read books from the library. My aunt lives with her and can help her use it so its perfect for that type of user. After playing with It, I would consider it for just about anyone other than a hardcore user that wants the latest and greatest tech. if you are tech saavy, you can do more with these Fire tablets than advertised.
4	good little tablet. I use it for entertainment. no issues hooking it up to my network.
4	Great for media consumption. Screen seems sharp enough unless you get unbearably close to it. Wifi connectivity is good. Speakers sound poor but I didn't expect any better from an 80$ tablet. Have had this tablet since November and is still going strong. Only complaint is the slow charging. but it isn't too bad.
4	I previously owned a Samsung Tab3. As a media device (for reading, viewing, listening, playing), the HD8 is fine, even a step up in screen size, clarity, and ease of navigation. However, the proprietary nature of Amazon's apps basically eliminates (for me) using it for work (e-mail, document & spreadsheet storage/retrieval/editing). Since I didn't buy it for its work capabilities, that's fine, but I think that would be annoying to a specific segment of potential users. At some point I will probably spring for a more-expensive updated Samsung tablet (or Windows Surface, if I'm feeling reckless), and the HD8 will probably be passed on to my 9-year-old.
4	My 9 year old loves it. Good control options. Just need to figure out how to get the Web browser on her side.
4	Bought this for my 5 year old son. He navigates through apps and sites easily. The built in Wifi is helpful for car rides. Parental controls blocks him from buying every download he finds attractive. We're still trying to figure out how to get Alexa to audio respond.
4	Decent tablet for the price. My kids love them!!!!
4	For the price, this tablet is not bad. I found a couple of things that is a bit annoying. Every time you turn on the device, ads will appear in the lock screen. Also the picture gallery, it takes several minutes to load. The wait is very annoying.
4	the tablet was on sale for a good price, and they had enough in stock for the CHRISTMAS season> grand children were thrilled.
4	This is a pretty reliable tablet especially for the price.
4	A great watch. I bought it for the heart rate feature and it is pretty accurate.
4	good for reading for a long hours since battery last over 6 hours. I will recommend it to my relatives and friendas
4	Good product if you don't want to spend money on iPad. Great just for surfing internet.
4	Great for beginner and intermediate. Highly satisfied!!!
4	I am very happy with my product. It's nice fancy HD is very cool. I am able to see and read my books in full format now. Thank you.
4	I am very pleased with my purchase the tablet is a great project is there a product is very versatile
4	I bought this for husband for Christmas. He loves it. It fits his needs perfectly. I would recommend this product.
4	This is a good product for your money. It's basic it does the job.
4	This is my 2nd tablet and it works great with downloading
4	This is my third Kindle Fire. It works beautifully. The only problem I have is little details that are different from previous model. (I'm getting used to it!) As I go I'm learning.....
4	Very good product that I purchased for my godson. The only issue is the charger / charging port is having some difficulties. Will be bringing back to the store to have it looked at. My just be my 2 year old godson being a kid with it :) He loves it otherwise.
4	Received this tablet as present for young grandson. While I am not an Amazon tablet fan (don't like hybrid operating system), this device meets all the requirements I had hoped for: ease of use, optional micro SD capacity, and plenty of internal memory.
4	Bought 2 of these for my 6 and 8 yr old and it said it came with 32gb storage but actual storage was a little less, cant remember exactly how much probably around 20gb with the other necessary programs that come already pre-installed. They mainly use it for games and have downloaded many games on them. There is room for external storage and it also has a front and rear camera. love the product. comes in different color as well. I got the blue!
4	Bought 2 of these for my 6 and 8 yr old and it said it came with 32gb storage but actual storage was a little less, cant remember exactly how much probably around 20gb with the other necessary programs that come already pre-installed. They mainly use it for games and have downloaded many games on them. There is room for external storage and it also has a front and rear camera. love the product. comes in different color as well. I got the blue!
4	Good product for listening to and reading books. Also works well when u don't want to carry an expensive and heavy laptop.
4	I enjoy the product. It was easy to program. My toddler pushed a button that changed the setting. I took the product to the store and the kind salesman corrected the product.
4	My grandson really enjoyed this product. Good deal.
4	Good quality product. Clear display and easy to use.
4	Great for what it is. The product is solid. Got it as a gift for family.
4	Bought this for my 3 year old and it is great. Wish it had a bit more storage but overall very happy with my purchase.
4	Nice size screen easy and light weight to take to class
4	My 8-year-old grandson is able to access all the games he's used to, but also many new games and videos. He finds something new to do almost every time he turns it on.
4	I use this primarily as a reader
4	We have the smaller one, and been great. This one is even better, because of the size.
4	Does all basic functions of a tablet. Hardcore users may want an iPad.
4	Bought for my wife.. she loves it.. took some getting use to though but she is doing well with it
4	Good small tablet for all purposes for reading, playing games
4	Good tablet, great price, easy to use, pick up simple
4	I use it at home instead of a computer. I gave it four stars instead of five because it seems to lose wifi frequently. However this could be due to house wifi issues. The tablet is fast and easy to use. Love the ease of downloading books.
4	My grandkids love's it always on it great learning tool
4	Tablet is working good for what we wanted it to do.
4	The Amazon - Fire Kids Edition - 7 Tablet - 16gb - Pink is a great tablet
4	The amazon kindle is nice, portable and very easy to use.
4	The tablet works good.. good price point .. would buy again
4	This Fire tablet is overall a good size, and has great features!
4	This is a good basic tablet. It does every thing it is advertised well. Great if your a real amazon fan.
4	Works great prety fast operating system dosent heat up
4	If you enjoy reading you will not find a better device. Excellent price for a product of this quality
4	My children love it. Los of different things they can do to learn
4	Purchased this for my 83 year old mother to primarily use as an e-reader. It seems as this may be easier for her to see than an actual book. She does not always find new technology easy to use, but seems to be doing ok with this tablet. She also is using it to play solitaire and possibly some other games.
4	Tablet is easy to use, however only allows 48 hours of offline viewing when movies are downloaded, then must be reset online again. This is an inconvenience. Other than that one issue, I am very satisfied with the tablet.
4	This tablet has served it's purpose, it keeps my little one entertained with age appropriate sites and apps.
4	Good tablet for basic needs. Screens resolution is pretty good. Mostly using for reading and sometimes for watching movies/shows. Great feature is the possibility to use the card to expand the memory. Good product for great price!
4	The first tablet I bought was good at first until it stops charging. I went to best buy to check it and they said that everything is okay. We tried it again at home and it was the same thing, it charged for a few min until probably 2% and will stop. I brought it back to the store and they replace it with a new one. So far I don't have problem with it as well as the other 2 tablets that I bought together with the first tablet.
4	Great tablet for reading books, but the bluetooth is hard to get working and there are much better tablets for games and movies
4	Great value for the price. Easy to navigate and has good picture quality. I bought it to watch Netflix, browse internet, read books on Kindle, and watch YouTube.
4	My 2 years old daughter really likes it. It's friendly and easy to use.
4	Good tablet for kids, only down side is the YouTube for kids app isn't available for the kindle fire
4	Good tablet for kids. Easy to use and kid friendly
4	Good tablet for younger kids as it keeps them occupied in many ways.and great learning tool.
4	My kid love this tablet!! The setup was so easy, and the amazon store has a bunch of educational apps! That my kid can enjoy playing and learning!!
4	My 5 year old granddaughter cannot put her Fire tablet down. My granddaughter plays a variety of games and watches videos. She loves her tablet!
4	My only problem with this tablet is if you don't have internet you lose the pictures of the games you have installed and you have to guess to open them.
4	Ok I purchased this tablet specifically for my two year old for her birthday. So far she loves it but gets tired of the kids included amazon trial videos. So I end up logging into my user account for her to be able to go on YouTube. But she really likes and enjoys her new tablet. Over all it's a good tablet for kids. What had me on purchasing this tablet was the free no question asked replacement warranty. She has dropped it many times but the included foam case has protected the tablet every time.
4	Overall good tablet for kids. My 6 and 3 year olds both enjoy it. Battery doesn't last anywhere near 7 hours though.
4	I love this tablet. I know it's not an iPad or any of the big tablets but it does just what I need it to do. I've had it a few weeks now. I've downloaded videos, read a few books and played some games. I've had zero problems so far. I know it's not the best video, but for the price of the tablet I don't expect it to look like my flat screen TV. I'm trying not to load too many things to keep it from slowing down. So far so good. Browsing the internet is easy too. I'm getting used to the browser and the app store for Amazon. For the price of this tablet it's not too shabby!!!
4	I don't know much about tablets but the sales associate recommended this one for me. It does what I need and more but I just don't know how to use it yet.
4	I don't know much about tablets but the sales associate recommended this one for me. It does what I need and more but I just don't know how to use it yet.
4	My 6 yr old daughter got this tablet from Santa for Christmas. So far she loves it, a little too much perhaps.. I only use it to manage her account/permissions and so far haven't had any issues with it.. Software and HW not quite as refined as apple iPad products, but what can you expect at the lower price point.
4	Got this for my wife for reading Kindle and ordering on Amazon. It is a nice unit, has quick response time and was a good value.
4	I bought this tablet mostly for watching movies. I downloaded movies from Netflix and watch them during indoor bike training at the gym. I love the ability to expand the memory with a microSD card, which iPads do not. It's pretty fast and has all the features I need. I read kindle books with it as well. The drawback is that some apps are not compatible with this device. The iPad is definitely more powerful and compatible with many apps I use, but this is a great tablet for most of my current interests.
4	I've had multiple Amazon Fire tablets. They are a great bargain. I love the ease of use and functionality. The only downfall is that it is really slow to charge.
4	this Amazon fire tab works really well.the syncing aspect is very nice being able to pair it with all my devices.i wish it had Google play.
4	This product my not fully compare to more expensive tablets, but Amazon has made improvements that provide a platform to watch media and read. Further, Amazon has made significant strides to provide a music platform which also improves the value of this tablet.
4	This is a good entry tablet for toddlers. I like the Amazon exchange policy if it breaks.
4	If you are in the Amazon ecosystem, the Fire HD8 is a great choice for an inexpensive tablet. Very responsive, good screen, and so far the battery life has been great. The only drawback of the Fire is the apps are only available from the Amazon App Store, not the Google Play Store. For example, there is no Gmail application to install. But that's not what I use this for... Kindle reading, Netflix viewing, occasional Facebooking and light web browsing are well suited to this device. Can't beat it for $89.
4	So far this tablet has been efficient. It kinda bad is difficult to use and it seems to require a lot of steps to get the kids profiles set up and it actually does not do everything I hoped it would.
4	I was going to have to be face down after eye surgery recently and decided to get a tablet to be able to look at the internet and movies on something other than my phone. While there are ones which have more features (and better software), the Fire HD8 had a good price and was available. It had gotten good reviews, and it performs well, with great battery life. If you're looking for a good, basic tablet, this is a nice option.
4	I was going to have to be face down after eye surgery recently and decided to get a tablet to be able to look at the internet and movies on something other than my phone. While there are ones which have more features (and better software), the Fire HD8 had a good price and was available. It had gotten good reviews, and it performs well, with great battery life. If you're looking for a good, basic tablet, this is a nice option.
4	This is a nice basic tablet for those not wanting to spend a lot of $$. Easy to use, nice HD resolution for games and even watching Netflix etc.
4	Great little tablet to take with you, great for kids
4	I've purchased a number of Kindle Fire products for family over the past several years and continue to use them. Easy to use for even my youngest Grandchildren or my 87 year old Mother-In-Law which they use as a reader and for games. An overall good value.
4	Purchase for a 12 year old. Sturdy, easy to usr. Great price
4	The Amazon Fire HD8 16GB is a excellent value and performs accordingly for it's price-point. It cannot be compared with a mini-ipad at a fraction of the price. The other drawback is the , limited apps as compared to the apple store or even google store. Yes, the google store can be loaded with a little difficulty. All in all for the money, it
4	We bought this for our 3 year old daughter. Great variety of apps, books, and educational videos for her to explore. Love the features that allow us to control her time spent on it. My only complaint is that its processing speed is quite slow getting between different menus but at this price and for a 3-year old I can't complain too much.
4	Most of the time I use the tablet for the Web, reading and email, but when I want to work on a Word doc, pdf, budget and a lot more, I can do it well on the tablet without pulling out my laptop. The screen isn't as sharp as the S2 models but is nice enough and it does not lack anything else.
4	For the most part I like the tablet. Got it for my mother. The con is you have to use Amazon for apps.
4	This tablet has been very satisfactory in functionality. Good cushioning on the outer case (better than another tablet I had purchased previously), still pictures & video are pretty good. No problems with accounts, parental controls & wireless connection. Overall a good tablet for kids.
4	Good reader which is why I bought it. Ads are annoying.
4	I've had my Fire HD 8 two weeks now and I love it. This tablet is a great value.We are Prime Members and that is where this tablet SHINES. I love being able to easily access all of the Prime content as well as movies you can download and watch laterThis has a 1280/800 screen which has some really nice look to it its nice and crisp and very bright infact it is brighter then the ipad pro costing $900 base model. The build on this fire is INSANELY AWESOME running at only 7.7mm thick and the smooth glossy feel on the back it is really amazing to hold its like the futuristic tab in ur hands.
4	so far. A few not so great things, modt of them managed to resolve them though.
4	Got this for my grand niece, she loves it. Can't beat it for the price.
4	Bought it for my 10 yr old granddaughter. Does everything she wants it to do in a tablet.
4	granddaughter loves it! Now my Ipad if free for ME to use
4	good product for youngsters, provides learning and fun together
4	Purchased for the grandkids to use while they are visiting. They never seem to get bored.Tip. Make sure you have it password protected or you may find a rapid run up in charges!
4	BOUGHT FOR MY GRANDKIDS AGES 5-10 AND THEY LOVED IT
4	I love the fact that it can take a lick and keeping on ticking my grandson is a bit rough on things.
4	I love the learning games that he doesn't even realize they are learning games
4	bought as a gift she loves it all kinds of apps easy to use and even easyer with amazon prime
4	Bought it for my daughter. Works great Store personnel did an excellent job
4	Great for the kids to play with and easy to monitor their time spent on it and the content they can access.
4	Great tablet use it for reading and email. Great price!
4	Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Haven't had any issues until recently my son's tablet won't charge anymore. Called geek support but they couldn't locate warranty so I'll have to go in
4	I bought these tablets for my niece and nephew who are only 2 and 3 and they love it. My niece who's only 3 has shown my mother a few things. Great products
4	I enjoy my kindle fire had it is easy to use get it
4	I got this for my three year old for Christmas and she loves it!
4	I know my granddaughter will love it. She has an older one that was given to her
4	I like this and the price is right enjoying it now
4	Light weight and easy to use. Very user-friendly. Durable.
4	My 3 yr old has already figured it all out. User friendly and durable with the case. Lots of free content, keeps them busy when need be.
4	My newphew loves it! He's 4 years old and can easily use the tablet.
4	My wife loved her gift. I made the right purchase.
4	She loves it, plays with it everyday all day. Thanks
4	The only reason why I have not given a 5 star review is because sometimes, the unit freezes out of nowhere after I will be reading news articles or after watching Prime/Netflix
4	This is a great amazon fire tablet for kids highly recommend
4	We got this product for our 6 year old. I love the parental controls. Only downfalls I've noticed so far is it takes a long time to charge and there is a lot going on app. Wise on the parent login on this product.
4	Would give 5 stars but THE ADDS!!!!!! Just as functional as my iPad
4	interface isnt as user friendly as other brands but u get used to it.
4	I bought my Fire HD8 as an alternative to carrying around my laptop and having to buy many textbooks for college. The fact that I saved well over $150 on one of the 5 books I had to get this semester was a godsend. Most all undergraduate courses I have seen are offered in eBook form for Kindle. If you do not care about having the constant ability of being on the internet without WiFi or other hotspot, it's a great resource. Pros:Price for this was still less than the money saved for my Biology Book.A lot less weight that 5 college textbooks.So far all books I need for college are available as eBooks through Amazon.A single charge can make it through an 8 hour school day.Cons:If you want/need a network connection, you have to use your phone as a hotspot or connect to another WiFi network. Bottom line, I wanted a cheaper alternative to having to lug over $750 in books around. I came out at well under $500 considering I bought this.
4	I am really enjoying this device, I wanted something to use for entertainment purposes when camping. Something small yet powerful and this works perfect. 5 stars if your a prime member like me that way you can take advantage of the many thing prime has to offer yet still have available almost every other digital services out there. Would and have recommended this product.
4	It matters what preference you prefer with tablets. I mean if you use windows or google more this might not be for you. For me, I use Amazon music, video, books, and shopping so this tablet is awesome. It's made especially for Amazon ecosystem users. Its light and has a nice feel. I live the blue shade option it has for less blue light when reading.
4	Works great with all the Amazon stuff, like Kindle, Alexa, etc.
4	A little slow but overall good first tablet for kids
4	This was a gift for a family member they really enjoy all the options of getting books
4	Very functional for a tablet and e-reader. This was a purchase for my stepmom who broke her previous Kindle. She likes it because the screen is big, ease of use, and you can access the internet. The kids side is good too for the kids but some of the apps like YouTube and YouTube Kids will not play on this because it's an Amazon operating system. Overall I would recommend this to people who like the regular e-readers and want a tablet.
4	I chose this one because of the price and size of screen to use as an ereader. It has not disappointed.
4	Easy operation, great product, not a fan of the shiny screen, hard to see in sunlight
4	Bought this for my 8 year old in place of a Nabi that didn't work out of the package. Great basic tablet for this.
4	Great tablet for the cost, does all the basic functions great. These are email, web surfing, and social media. If you belong to Amazon Prime then it's even better since this thing makes it easy to take advantage of the extra content you can access. Movies, TV Shows, music, books. A lot of this is free for Prime Members. Good idea and business move for Amazon as it encourages Amazon content and purchases. The tablet itself is pretty good, smaller and more narrow than an iPad. Easy to hold in one hand, screen is nice for video, reading, web surfing and email. If the iPad is setting the bar and is a 10, I would give this an 7-8. The weakest thing is the camera, it adequate but you smart phone is better. A feature it has that the iPad lacks is the ability to add an Micro SD Card for extra space. It is also much cheaper than an iPad.
5	Well they are not Duracell but for the price i am happy.
5	Seem to work as well as name brand batteries at a much better price
5	These batteries are very long lasting the price is great.
5	Bought a lot of batteries for Christmas and the AmazonBasics Cell have been good. I haven't noticed a difference between the brand name batteries and the Amazon Basic brand. Just a lot easier to purchase and have arrive at the house and have on hand. Will buy again.
5	ive not had any problame with these batteries have ordered them in the past been very pleased.
5	Well if you are looking for cheap non-rechargeable batteries that last quite a while then these are perfect. Nothing more to say.
5	I find amazon basics batteries to be equal if not superior to name brand ones. Can't believe I didn't start buying them sooner! The packages are large and the price is great too.
5	Use it for my fish tank's light at night and works great, I love how you can easily switch it off and on if you want it on while guests are there.
5	just got em so I can't really comment on how good the do the job, good price, quick delivery but have only put two into one of my keyboards but they can go up to a year so who can say after three days
5	we have many things that need aa battery they are great
5	Thankful that I was able to find on Amazon for a great price and even better shipping. Arrived in perfect condition and did exactly what I needed it to. Great purchase and would purchase again.
5	This was my second purchase of amazon batteries and they work great. Just as good or even better than name brand batteries and half the price. This will be the only way I purchase batteries from now on!
5	They last as long as Duracell batteries in my Xbox one controllers and none of them exploded like some of the reviews said.
5	We've ordered these a few times cause we've been so happy with product. These are good quality. We are also happy with price. I would recommend these.
5	HAVE NOT HAD CHANCE TO USE ALL OF THEM BUT HOPEFULLY ALL OF THEM WILL REMAIN IN GOOD ORDER FOR A REASONABLE AMOUNT OF TIME MEANING A FEW YEARS OUT.
5	Very convenient to have a box of batteries and at a good price. No longer need to compare pricing in stores. Should have done this long time ago.
5	Not much to say about batteries except they work for a good price. Having a hundred let's me share with kids and grand kids.
5	They seem to work okay so far and the price was great.
5	Seem to hold up as well as any name brand and at a much better price
5	Works just as well as every other brand of battery with a better price. Powers all of my sons toys for months at a time.
5	These last as well as Energizer- half the price.
5	3rd purchase of these AA from Amazon, all have expiration of 2027. Ones I've used thus far last as Long as name brands
5	I am 100 satisfied with my purchase of these batteries
5	Seem to work very well at a great price.
5	I buy AAA and AA batteries about 4 - 6 times a year. I made the switch to Amazon batteries about 2 years ago and never looked back. These batteries work just as well as any of the name brands, but at a much more reasonable cost.
5	The 48 packs are the lowest price per AA battery you will find anywhere. I have a device I use for work that needs 8 new AA batteries every working day. These batteries get me through a 12 hour day the same as the expensive batteries. I could switch to rechargeable batteries but the simplicity of just putting in new batteries and not fooling with recharging every night is worth it to me.
5	I definitely love the price and quantity.. My kids go tthrough them to fast. At least these will last a while..
5	They worked and great price.
5	Batteries. Standard AA kind. We use them everyday. They power many things and these work as good or better than any others.
5	Excellent performance and better price.
5	Arrived earlier than expected. Amazon batteries are not only affordable, but have a long life.
5	Excellent
5	Great product!
5	They're batteries!
5	LOVE THESE BATTERIES! BETTER THAN DURACELL AND SAVES ME MONEY! THANK YOU FOR A GREAT PRODUCT AMAZON!
5	Amazon you rock! These work better than name brand batteries and cost nothing. Have the same nice feel of expensive batteries too. Perfect in my opinion, will re purchase!
5	Amazing so far. These AAA's are even more affordable than the brands at WalMart. Will update if they end up not being good.
5	works great
5	I am happy to report that this order is working fine with no issues. I am very satisfied with this order and plan to buy again from same seller. Thank you. Jn
5	NICE PRODUCT
5	Great basic batteries! Fantastic price. I like having a stockpile. When my kids get toys at Christmas I feel like Oprah. YOU get a battery! and YOU get a battery!...
5	Some day we will probably look back and chuckle about 'primitive' batteries like these. But not yet. They are an integral part of our daily lives. We need food, drink, shelter, love, and BATTERIES! You can't beat the price/quality combination.
5	A battery is a battery these work just as good if not better than the name brands like Duracell or Enginzer
5	I like to have a good stock of batteries in my home. I am a repeat purchaser of these and other sizes. So far no performance issues. Lasts like Duracell. They might consider improving the graphics though, not very exciting to look at.
5	These worked out great for his battery powered cars I got him. What a awesome deal.
5	I used to buy batteries from Costco which come under Kirkland brand. I thought of testing Amazon Basics based on my experience of other Amazon Basics products in the past. These batteries are way better than Kirkland, Energizer and Duracell. The cost is nicely placed. Now my kids have more time to play with toys before the need to replace the batteries. A clear thumbs up!
5	Got it and it's already in use.
5	Never purchased these before ... Work well so far
5	I bought the smaller pack last time and didn't realize how quickly it runs out. Very happy with this amount of batteries.
5	Like that I can buy these online and in bulk. Have ordered them several times. A good buy
5	Good deal for rechargeable. They all work and seem to preform well.
5	Good batteries at a good price
5	These batteries are a good value and work well. I have used them in the past and would recommend them to all.
5	A friend advised me to buy my batteries from Amazon. Her family swears by them. I am now using them and agree they are a good buy for the money and I am not worried about running out of batteries or running out to have to buy them.
5	Batteries are pretty much of a commodity as long as they do what they're supposed to do, so I ordered these based on their price -- much cheaper than what you can buy in a store. And these batteries seem to last as long as any of the name brands. A good value.
5	These Amazon batteries seem like a good value.
5	Everyone needs AA batteries. These are fine and a great price!
5	I got tired of running back and forth to the local store to buy a small package of batteries therefore, I decided to order these since the cost for all of these batteries were approximately the same cost for 6 batteries in a pack. The price was right and the batteries are working very well. This is really a bargain.
5	Great buy for the money - these batteries work very well. I've gotten them in the past. The best part is that they are so inexpensive that you can run through them, and not feel like you're running through your bank account!
5	A great deal, and the batteries have a good life to them. I will buy again when I start running low.
5	All I buy now is AmazonBasics when it comes to batteries. They are long lasting and a great price. I have tried the AA, AAA, and 9-volt. As a cheap shopper, I am pleased with their performance and price.
5	Between LeapPads, Xbox controllers and remotes, we use batteries a lot. These have held up great with a comparable lifespan to other household brands.
5	I buy all my batteries here. Great long lasting batteries.
5	You know those crazy cheap batteries that are so light you practically hit yourself in the face when you pick one up These aren't those.I've already purchased a couple sets of these and have been really happy with the quality/lifespan. I'd say they're DEFINTELY comparable to the more expensive name brands. I've happily recommended them to friends and family, and it's so handy always having plenty of AA batteries, especially around birthdays and holidays!
5	My PS3 remote control and my television remote controls work again thanks to these AAA batteries.
5	As a teacher, I need tons of batteries, but I refused to spend excessive amounts on them, so I figured this was the best option! They are long-lasting, worth the money, cute (if that even matters, lol)! You won't find a deal like this in stores!I highly recommend!
5	Lieutenant Dan got me these batteries. So then I got a call from him, saying we dont have to worry about batteries no more. And I said, thats good! One less thing. -Forrest
5	A lot of batteries for the money. So far, all working well.
5	Great Batteries
5	I happen to have remote controls in our house and this item certainly is a must in my living room.
5	You know you need them, so why not get a bunch. I'm the battery guy for the kids toys, so I have to keep them on hand at all times!
5	Worked exactly as they are supposed to, good price, good quality. lasting a nice long time, A good buy.
5	This is a great purchase. My outdoor cameras on my house them. Compared to the leading namebrands, I find these to last longer. I am getting four months per pair of batteries instead of three months with my surveillance cameras.
5	I've been buying AAA alkaline batteries in packages of four at the dollar store and thought I was getting a pretty good deal on the price, but it bothered me to have to throw away so much packaging every time I needed four batteries. Then I was checking out a fellow reviewer's profile and found a review of the AmazonBasics AAA batteries. He (or she, I can't remember) claimed these work as well or better than name brands and are even less expensive than the dollar store deals and with much less waste in the packaging.So I ordered some and his advice was right on the money. I've used them (so far) in small flashlights and in one of my TENS machines. Great performance. The price (which seems to fluctuate) is less than I was paying locally. Best of all, you get 36 batteries in a tiny cardboard box that measures 4 1/4 x 2 1/4 x 2 1/4. There are 9 sealed packages of 4 batteries each, but there's much less waste in the packaging. Amazon claims 10-year, no-leak shelf life for them, but even I use batteries faster than that.I think this is a great product at a great price and I love the packaging. Glad I stumbled onto them.
5	Thats a whole lot of batteries! I ordered the 48 pack of AA batteries and its so much cheaper than a much smaller branded pack from the big chain stores. They arrived packaged well and wrapped nicely, see included pictures for details. I like to keep extra batteries around because most new electronics do not have included batteries these days. I hate getting a device in the mail and scavenging the house for batteries or stealing them from the remote controls. At this price, we can all afford to keep a bunch on hand. Ive tested these on several devices so far and they appear to be comparable to brand name batteries, they last a long time and bring all my electronics to life with renewed vigor. I'll definitely be buying more in the future.
5	of course these are no energizer bunny batteries, but for the price and amount you get, you cant beat it! They come in individual packs of 4, inside a white box to keep them in. I would recommend it
5	A good deal, well packed in reusable package
5	I bought these batteries to use with a battery operated pump that transfers gas from a gas can into the tank of my riding mower. This is a far better way of fueling my mower than trying to lift a five gallon tank and trying to empty it into the mower tank. The pump uses 4 AA batteries and that is the way the Amazon batteries are packaged. Having them bundled in foursomes is convenient. My pump runs perfectly with these batteries.These batteries are said to have a shelf life of ten years so I won't be having to buy more AA batteries for at least that long. The price of these batteries is a genuine bargain and is it highly recommended to get this offer if AA batteries are needed.
5	Seem to work fone for a fraction of the price!
5	Good price. Good product
5	Great battery just as good as the name brands.
5	Great value
5	Perfect and what a deal - very pleased!
5	The batteries works very well. Great quality. You can't beat the price
5	These batteries are as good or better than any brand of alkaline battery on the market today.
5	Great value!
5	Greaatttt deal. This probably the only way I'll be buying batteries at a good price too.
5	Works just as well as any other battery brand we have bought!
5	A+A+A+A+A+ FAST DELIVERY JUST AS DESCRIBE
5	Good price
5	They are batteries, they worked, enough said.....
5	A great deal for the price. Let's hope these alkaline last longer.
5	These batteries are as good as other brands and a bargain to boot.
5	AA batteries are replacements and have worked well so far
5	AA batteries worked as advertised.
5	Awesome buy. Very happy with these. This is my second order of these batteries. Will continue to purchase when needed.
5	awesome so far no duds
5	Came fast. Great price. Seems to last as long as expensive batteries.
5	Good price, fast shipping, Will shop again.
5	Good value. As good as Duracell
5	Great Quality ...Excellant Price
5	High quality. great value, as advertised, trusted company.. Will definitely buy again and tell others.You will be pleased.
5	I bought this for a friend.
5	Never can have too many.
5	So far I have had no complaints with these batteries. I was hesitate at first because they were cheaper than your big name brands. I figured they may not last long. But I was proven wrong. They have lasted just as long as the big name brands, and they are a lot cheaper. I buy these for work and for home. They do not disappoint me at either place.
5	These Amazon AA batteries are great. They are just as good as any high priced battery.
5	Good price and good product.
5	I was very impressed with the packaging of these batteries. They work as well as any of the top commercial AA batteries. I will keep them handy for any future use.
5	Another great offer from Amazon that delivers perfarmance and price for your electronic agenda 1
5	These batteries are exactly what I was looking for. I was looking for affordable AA batteries with a long shelf life that I could keep around for an emergency or extended power outage. These Amazon alkaline batteries are advertised as having 10 years shelf life, and after receiving them I confirmed that on each battery is printed the expiration year 2025, which is what I expected having bought them in 2015.Now I won't have to by ordinary batteries that end up discharging internally in just a few years. The environment and my pocket are grateful. Thanks Amazon!
5	Great deal, better than local stores
5	I purchased these to compare against the Duracell's I normally buy. These appear to be an excellent value, but only time will tell. Currently I am using them along with the Duracell's in some fake candle lights that my wife has to see if they last as long as the Duracell's. So far so good.
5	These are really good batts and a great price.
5	AA batteries worked perfectly out of the box!
5	Works good so far. Time will tell the true story. Great price!
5	They are batteries...what can I say!
5	Excellent batteries and it's a better value than buying the batteries in smaller packs. Amazon's batteries are just as good as other manufacturers. With the subscribe and save, it's even a better deal.
5	So far the batch is worth it. The batteries are solid and work well. When they are on sale they are worth the buy.I recommend and would buy again.
5	They work!
5	they work. good price. as expected
5	A wonderful way to purchase these.
5	work great
5	As expected. Like the box they came in.
5	great batteries
5	Great price!
5	I find these packs of batteries are less expensive and I always have some available - no running to the store for a battery
5	These work just fine and were purchased at a good price.
5	Very nice packaging. Good batteries.
5	Batteries. AAA. They fit and work in objects requiring AAA batteries.*Not for internal consumption.
5	AAA batteries. They last adequately and are at a very competitive price point. For that reason I don't think I will be buying batteries from any competitor if they're more expensive than these. Bravo Amazon.
5	Love these batteries. They last just as long as the top name brand battery for a fraction of the price. Look no further. Check out the discharge and compare. They are solid!
5	I have been using these batteries for some time now and they seem to be holding up as well or better than any name brand I have used in the past. The price, packaging and shelf life make Amazon batteries a winner.
5	No troubles
5	Great product and u can't beat this price anywhere
5	You can never have too many batteries. Fair price and and lasts as long as the bunny ones.
5	You get what you pay for in life bht for the lrice and amount these are actually great one say or two days of strong power for flashlights or wireless headphones etc. For remotes theyblast for quite a while. Package was nice fast delivery thunking of actually buying different sizes for other electronics ...would definitly order again ...kinda like gas not premium or regular something like a plus ....lol i have tried all those other expensive brands thats supposed to last 10x more longer well by the time you pay for one pack and get maybe a months wirth depending on usage you could have a 100 of these and still have left over......just saying your not buying tires or brakes for your car so test them out they sell it in smaller amounts and subscdiption amount etc....
5	Nice price for a bunch of batteries.
5	AAA batteries - lots of them, at an affordable price. What's not to like
5	Work better than the Kodak batteries that I had previously
5	I have 2 kids, and they have a lot of battery powered toys. We tried rechargeable batteries, and they didn't hold up like I was hoping. These batteries are more affordable than brands at the store, and I can't tell a difference in performance.
5	Great deal. They are what they are but seem to hold life pretty well. Will definitely buy again when I need to restock.
5	This is an affordable set of rechargable Alkaline batteries.
5	They are very affordable batteries. I have not run any specific testing, but so far, they have performed well, and appear to give good battery life.
5	I didn't know Amazon makes batteries at a very affordable amount. Now i know where to purchase batteries.
5	Affordable. Long lasting battery life.
5	like it for the money
5	These are alright batteries works well on remotes and other little gadgets. I just like my energize battery or the copper top battery myself but my husband got these for the smaller items around here.
5	These batteries are very durable. AmazonBasics did very well on this product.
5	GOOD ALKALINE BATTERIES. AREN'T ALL ALKALINE THE SAME ADVERTISING STEERS SOME PEOPLE.
5	Work well at a lower price. All is good.
5	Always a good buy!
5	Just as good as name brands, lasts longer and no mercury.
5	With all the electronics in the house we go through abundance of batteries a month. This is a great deal and they seem to last quite a long time!Have mine set up to be shipped every month definitely the best way to go!
5	Damn that's a lot of batteries!
5	Amazing product, love it. Used it first thing
5	Love these, never had any problems and you can not beet the price! I not only buy them for home but also for my job.
5	These are great. How is Duracell still in business
5	Using in my Xbox One controller. Battery life is on-par w/ Energizer and Duracell, and like a zillion times cheaper.
5	Amazing and affordable.
5	I don't think I'll ever buy duracell again
5	Amazing deal on these batteries! We have six kids so we are always needing batteries for something - whether it be a game, or a computer mouse, or whatever ... we always need a good stock of batteries. As far as holding up and doing the job, they seem to be doing great! I will update if I find any problems. So far, so good. Will need to buy more once Christmas gets closer.
5	AMAZING DEAL!!!So many batteries for an amazing price!!! In the stores, you get half the amount of batteries for double the price.100 will re buy.work great. FAST SHIPPING TO! (ONLY TOOK A DAY)
5	I have truly been converted form any other battery brand to using AmazonBasics! Very happy with the life of these batteries!
5	Great batteries at a fantastic price. Don't buy your batteries from Wal-Mart when you can get more than twice as many for a cheaper price on Amazon.
5	really amazing price and really great product. From my experience, Amazon products are pretty good quality. I will be buying this over and over again.
5	Such a steal for so many batteries. Not only are there a ton of them, they last for a long time. A loooooong time. My rechargeable AA for my gaming mouse usually hardly makes it past a couple of days with my usage. I haven't had to change one of these yet and it's been weeks. More than satisfied.
5	This batteries were dirt cheap, way cheaper than buying batteries in the store. They arrived in a nice, compact cardboard box and they last a long time. You will not be disappointed because these are not cheap knock-off black label batteries.
5	Great product! Affordable and reliable!
5	These are an amazing product for the price. We use a battery operated sound machine for our son to sleep to, and these work just as long as the Duracell batteries we were originally using and I love that they come in 4 packs within the box, which is extremely convenient so we don't have batteries floating around once they fall out of the box.
5	Tons of batteries for the lowest price I've found. Superb product by amazon.
5	I bought this for my dad, I buy Anker for all my cable and power needs, and once again, they did not disappoint. This is a must buy!!!!
5	You put these little cylinders in stuff and it makes them work -- flashlights, remotes, kitchen scales, clocks.
5	You can always use batteries. I used these before and they seem to last pretty well.
5	Great batteries.
5	These have tested ok so far.
5	Good buy on batteries,long life.
5	Great price and solid performer!
5	Good batteries. All fit in the uxcelPlastic case for AAA batteries...
5	Amazon Basic Batteries are the best, I buy them in all varieties.
5	You have to love AmazonBasic products. These batteries are first class and an excellent value.
5	Not the first time I have bought Amazon Basic products and won't be the last. From my experience these products do just as well as any name brand product but with less experience. Love the packaging these batteries came in and so far from what I can tell work like a charm. Put them in a couple of my gadgets and worked perfectly. The way we go through batteries the cost savings is well worth it.
5	Amazon Basics AA Performance Alkaline Batteries... Great prize so far no problems with them.
5	Great batteries at a good price!
5	Excellent product!
5	Prior reviews were very good on these batteries so we thought we would give them a try. So far so good! All are still working as described . Will change review should we need to- but now highly satisfied .
5	Great batteries. They perform well, definitely not cheap batteries. I will probably purchase more as the price is just right and you get about 20.
5	They are batteries, they work and they last...What else
5	I've never had a problem with any of Amazons stuff. I actually prefer it over namebrand because of the cost-effectiveness if it's not something that's going to show and look tacky I could care less... batteries are one of them
5	Amazon basics batteries are just as good as the name brands from my experience. Well packaged in easy open box, whivh I appreciate since I have arthritis. Box is small enough to keep the rest of the batteries from getting all over and easy to find when replacement is needed. A
5	Great battery deal! I have now used 6 batteries and have not noticed any difference between power length compared to duracell or energizer. They last just as long and work fine. I am now buying these because of cost savings.
5	I started buying these large packs of Amazon batteries because of the great value and previous experience with Amazon Basic products. These batteries seem to work as well as my Energizers and Duracells at a fraction of the cost. I will be buying more AA and AAA when I run low. That should take a while with this large pack.
5	Work great and are a great price. Can't beat that! These seem to be on par with low to mid tier brand battery live so can't complain.
5	These are quality batteries...just as good as major brand names. Can't beat the price. Thank you.
5	So far, these hold up really well. For the price, they are simply unbeatable. They come packaged in a small, generic box. I've now tried 4 AmazonBasics products, and I haven't got a complaint about any so far. Amazon seems to not only want to make cheap products, but they also don't seem to want to get complaints and returns as well. Who has time for all of the mess So, do it right the first time, and see what happens.Thanks for another great product!*If my review was helpful in any way, please click the little YES button. If not, just laugh and move on.
5	Batteries that get the job done. Cool packaging. Amazon claims another industry.
5	Nice. Great for the price.
5	These batteries seem to last as long as the more expensive gold/black batteries. All of the Amazon Basics items we have bought have been of excellent quality.
5	This is a great buy and last along time, Amazon Basics is great .
5	I don't know what you expect to read here. Some elaborate review about how these batteries are amazing from the packaging to the ease of installation etc No, they are AS A batteries that are cost effective and do their job properly. No.magic smoke yet so can't complain. 10/10
5	Don't waste your coin of the expensive store brands. These work great.
5	I always try to buy Amazon rechargeable batteries. Good price and lasts a long time between charges. Saves a bit of the environment compared to disposable ones.
5	Quite a bargain.
5	Great price, and I'm very pleased with performance.
5	I love these batteries. Affordable and have worked well in all our game console controllers and kids toys that are frequently used!
5	Great batteries for the money
5	I'll never buy another brand again. Amazon batteries last! Quality and affordable!
5	What else can you say Amazon ROCKS and so do their batteries!!!
5	GREAT!
5	First of all- buying batteries is never fun . It's also quite expensive. I fell in love with the fact , I could buy these Amazon branded batteries through prime and get them in two days .But guess what. I got them in 1 day!!! Plus , I stocked up for all those dang Christmas toys for my triplets. If I buy one, I have to buy three!!!!They lasted just as long as a standard battery . Plus , I love that they come in a nice cardboard sleeve. Rather than the ones at the store where they all fall out when you rip the plastic from the cardboard.To wrap up- these were very impressive.
5	These work great. I primarily use them in my xbox 36 controller and they last as long if not longer than any other brand i have used. I highly recommend them.
5	good price, worked fine
5	Cheep and effective these batteries compare to mainstream manufacturers without issue. The price tag is so much lower that even if you didn't like them or felt that a major manufacturer was somehow better than this you probably still wouldn't regret the purchase. They hold their charge and last just as long as anything else. Amazon Strikes again with a great product
5	Seems to be as good as the average battery bought in a store. Nice amount for a good price. I buy all my batteries from Amazon now
5	Batteries can be expensive! However, Amazon has taken the opportunity to sell a good quality product. There are plenty of batteries for the cost, and in these times of uncertainty we need to be prepared for our family. During times of power outage batteries are so comforting because they allow us to maintain a sense comfort. They also sell these in triple a, c, and d. The price is good compared to other brands, and the quality of Amazon is backing the product. Safe and good buy for any consumer.
5	Great for the price and last long
5	stronger than duracell and so much cheaper. amazon keep up the great work
5	Great value
5	Batteries were inexpensive, work well in multiple devices.I hate running out of triple A batteries!
5	Perfectly sent perfectly usable
5	Amazon batteries over good performance at a great price. Nice option to replace more expensive name brand batteries.
5	Amazon's batteries are great. I've had no problems with them leaking or corroding. They last as long as any other AA battery I've used too.The AmazonBasics brand has been great for so many different things, and I definitely recommend these batteries.
5	I just love Amazon's batteries. They last just as long as the name brand batteries, but are much less expensive.
5	Not so surprised as AmazonBasics delivers excellent product. Work just like the Energizers and last as long.
5	Arrived quickly,great price seem to be high quality so far
5	Everything we have around the house uses batteries, so we go through them fast. I like purchasing in bulk because I don't have to purchase them as often and they are a little cheaper that way. I was a little nervous to purchase the AmazonBasics brand, because I wanted to make sure that I purchased a quality battery. We normally purchase Duracell.I am happy to see that the quality is just as good as the other brands we've purchase and at a fraction of the cost.We will be purchasing these again in the future.
5	I thought I would give these AA batteries a try. I have always used Kirkland brand and never had a problem. These are a few cents cheaper. I will see how long they last compared to Kirkland brand (Costco).
5	Excelente puedo recomendarlo ampliamente.
5	Great Price, Great product.
5	Have this as a subscribe save item, so when I run out I just order more.
5	Eight AA alkaline batteries... not too much to say: New. Shrink-wrapped. Delivered quickly safely. Work just like we need AA batteries to work.No problems here.RecommendedGo for it
5	These batteries are typical alkaline batteries. I recently put them in a couple of remotes that needed batteries and these worked fine, At this point, I can not say what their longevity will be. They work well in the devices in which I placed them.
5	Great price! Just began using these batteries so their lasting ability is yet to be determined. DFD
5	Very good batteries for the price...Much better than purchasing batteries locally in a 4 pack...
5	I thought this was a great investment I wasn't wrong these batteries are just as good as any other. I will be ordering these again..
5	These were exactly as described arrived on time (or maybe earlier than the delivery date specified). They work just fine I'd buy them again. And the BIG plus is they were a LOT less expensive than buying them from a brick mortar store work just as well! No problems :)
5	Nice battery and price. Have not had any problem with them.
5	Initial charge upon receipt was higher than the name brand batteries I usually get, I'll definitely be ordering more when these are about gone!
5	I tested the lifespan of these batteries with my Wireless mouse. Lasts just as long as Duracell CopperTop AAA.
5	no point in spending money on brand name batteries. these are a great product at a very reasonable price. i don't buy any other brands.
5	The RIGHT item delivered FAST at a GOOD price. What more can you ask for They are AAA batteries work as expected.
5	AmazonBasics AAA Performance Alkaline Batteries (20-Pack). We subscribed to this. The batteries are holding up just as good as any other. You can't beat the price either.
5	AmazonBasics AA Alkaline batteries, are generic alkaline batteries as good as Duracel Rayovac.
5	AmazonBasics has become a great brand that rivals the Energizers of the world. These batteries are an affordable price and a really high quality, especially when compared to the competition. With having a three year old, we are constantly running through batteries and it is great having these AmazonBasics type products out there to help middle income families like ours afford all the necessities that comes with having kids and just life in general (think remote control batteries).
5	AmazonBasics are a tremendous deal. I bought this 36 count AAA because it cost about the same as 4 pack of name brand. If ever I give an electronic gift I include these with the gift.
5	I just put 4 of these in my flashlight they worked. It is too soon to see how long they will last. I have had great experience with other amazon basics products ( the wireless keyboard mouse set)So I decided to try the batteries-- so far so good
5	These are great batteries at a great cost. I will continue to purchase these. I replaced batteries in my outdoor solar lights and I have many and these work great. Highly recommend.
5	We order batteries keep them stocked at all times. We also order AAA Batteries for the same reason.
5	No issues with these batteries. I've started buying all of my batteries from AmazonBasics, especially the AmazonBasics C Cell Everyday Alkaline Batteries (12-Pack) for the holidays and AmazonBasics AAA Performance Alkaline Batteries (20-Pack) for everyday items.Bottom line: I would recommend this to a friend.
5	These are great. I used to have to go to Costco to get the equivalent number of batteries at a discount. Now I can get these batteries in a couple of days from Amazon.
5	I've been impressed with the performance and quality of AmazonBasics battery. Though the price point is pretty low, don't let that fool you - they are every bit as long-lasting and durable as the brand-named batteries on the market. In my opinion, there's no reason to spend more on a battery because of it being a name that you're familiar because I can tell you that my experience has been amazing. And honestly, I can't tell the difference between AmazonBasics batteries and other batteries that I've bought in the past that has cost me much, much more money!
5	Everything about AmazonBasics is amazing. Anything we have ever ordered that was AmazonBasics has always worked beautifully. The batteries arrived, in what would appear to be recycled packaging, which is good on them. No issue with any of the batteries we ordered, including these AA.
5	All Good
5	Amazing Value, they shipped free on Amazon Prime and they are as good as any other.
5	A great price for a large amount of batteries. These last just as long as name brand batteries if not longer!
5	AN AMAZING PRICE FOR 48 VERY HIGH QUALITY BATTERIES. loved this pack. the batteries come in 4's in plastic inside a big box
5	I'm always leery about ordering offbrand batteries, because it seems like so many of them are total garabge. But I've been really pleased with these, they are holding up as nicely as the energizers we were spending much more for! I will definitely buy these again when we run out!
5	Packaged very well,just what I wanted.
5	Batteries packaged well, and are working just like any other battery
5	The only way to buy batteries. Large quantity, and great price.
5	Ordering in bulk for batteries makes my life so much easier. I have kids, and they always need a battery for something! I have AAA, AA and other sizes on hand all the time, and I love never disappointing them! They have tons of battery operated toys and games and Amazon makes it so much easier than running out to the corner store and paying double!
5	I purchased this product for my own use, and Ive found it to be a great product. Size, fit, quality and the whole mess is top notch. I have to admit I was a little hesitant at first, given the price, but after opening the box I immediately realized I had made a good purchase. I can imagine using this item for a long time, and should I need another Ill likely buy one just like this.
5	Great batteries and even better price.
5	These seem to work / last like any other quality battery. Packaged well. Great price. Thus far, every AmazonBasics product I've bought has been high in quality (and great in price). I'm expecting the same here.Keep this up, Amazon, and I'll keep coming back.
5	Amazon Basics comes through with yet another superb value. These work every bit as well as their Energizer and Duracell equivalents at a fraction of the price. It comes in a nice carton that is perfect for storage and can be recycled when the batteries are gone. Highly recommended!
5	Worked as advertised.
5	use these batteries specifically for amazon devices, they give long lasting performance.
5	This is like my fifth box of these batteries and they last as long if not longer than any others I've purchased, including the copper top and the bunny.All Amazon products from their basics to their electronics can't be beat. Very BIG fan of Amazon branded products. The only thing I don't buy from Amazon is perishable foods. Man would I love to see one od their food stores in Santa Fe!
5	AOK
5	great price, very good batteries
5	AOK-AS ORDERED
5	So far so good. I usually buy Duracell, but I trust amazon... sooooo I tried these. No complaints thus far
5	These batteries rock. They have one of the best performance to price ratio's anywhere. We use large numbers of them to power microphone transmitter packs in our theater productions. Those are applications where they cannot fail. These outperformed the ProCells we have been using. I recently bought 900 of them for our production of the Wizard of OZ. They worked flawlessly. They are our new standard battery.
5	Run of the mill batteries, for the price and convenience, especially with Prime shipping, are a good buy.
5	arrived and worked like a charm!!
5	The batteries arrived in a timely manner. I was in need of a battery for my wireless mouse and after Alexa placed y order this package arrived in record time to my door.
5	Product as advertised. Arrived on time and in good condition. Good value! Will buy again.
5	Average value in quality.
5	As always...reliable and well packaged.
5	As described
5	Received the batteries as they were described. So far the ones I have tried have worked great.
5	Batteries came exactly as described. I have only used a couple of them and they work great in the remote..Time will tell about shelf life...
5	AA they work
5	GREAT VALUE
5	I work in an electronics lab and did a test against the big name batteries and the discharge curve and performance was exactly the same as the brand that stars with E !!! Very good value
5	They seem just as good as any I have bought from the store. I have used them for countless things and have had no problems. They came on time and it is great to have the convenience of delivery.
5	I bought these batteries being skeptical about their price and quality - since when were store brand batteries ever really good and worth the cost Well Amazon will surprise you again with another great addition to AmazonBasics. These batteries are as good as if not better than major name brands. I have been using these batteries in devices that typical run down alkaline batteries in a couple of weeks, and so far these batteries have lasted twice as long. I have not noticed any problems or differences with these batteries, and I have yet to test them with my voltmeter for consistency however, I have noticed no issues or problems. I usually prefer to use rechargeable batteries, but these make using alkaline batteries worth it again.
5	I was skeptical at first, but these AmazonBasics batteries are pretty competitive to Duracell and Energizer alkaline batteries.
5	The Amazon batteries seems to have an acceptably long life compared to much more expensive brand names. My one complaint is that they recently upsized the box the smaller package was much more convenient to store the batteries in.
5	you can't go wrong with this. quality is as good as brand name products.
5	as good as costco
5	I love these batteries from Amazon and will continue to buy them for my controllers for gaming as they are strong enough to deal with them. I get a long life from these. As long as I do from my Duracells! I complete this review after either I or an immediate family member has tested the product thoroughly. Sometimes I have very little to say about a product if it works and it does what it is advertised. Sometimes I wax effusive, or rather poetic. Either way please be assured that we have tested the product and have been honest with you. If my review is helpful for you or makes sense, please indicate Yes below. Thank you for reading my review.
5	As it should be...AAA Alkaline battery. Can't beat the price and quality. Holds up well to its competitors. This is a no brainer if you like to save money.
5	I love Amazon basics batteries. They last a long time and are cheap. Plus the packaging is convenient.
5	These work as well as any standard-type batteries on the market. They last just as long as the name brand batteries. I don't know how well they store because I have been giving a lot to kids who had inferior batteries in their handhelds. I ran out that way. They use those handhelds constantly, but they haven't had to replace any of the batteries I gave them (it's been a couple of months). Other devices have had these batteries for six months, now, and are going strong.
5	Great price and they seem to last as long as name brands.
5	These are just as good as any other battery as far as I can tell but cost far less. Great option if you use lots of batteries! Tired of the store ripping me off when I need a couple.
5	Was worried these might be low quality, but they have performed about as well as premium brand batteries. Will reorder when more are needed. Can't comment on leak resistance yet, but everything else seems top notch.
5	As good as the brand name batteries at considerably less cost. I have tried numerous off brand batteries in the past. None of them have ever lasted as long as the name brands, and some were almost dead right out of the box. I have found these batteries to last just as well as the name brand batteries, in both the AA and AAA sizes. I have not tried the D or C cells yet.
5	Bargain of the year. Have already used a dozen for various electronic items and they are, so far, performing as well as the name brands If I find they quit too soon I will update the review
5	As good or better than any major brand out there.The price is a fraction of what the major brands are.Time will tell what the durability is.This proves what a rip off battery prices are from the major brand manufacturers.
5	As a Mom of 3 young kids, we go through batteries very quick! I've tried all types of batteries from name brand, to various store brands. Amazon compares to the top brands I've used, and in fact I would consider it a top brand. They last twice as long in my son's wireless PlayStation controllers than the Toys R Us brand we were previously using. You can't beat the price for the quality and I will only buy Amazon batteries from now on!
5	I have used these batteries for several years. As good, if not better than any other top name brand.
5	As if Amazon had to be any better at anything else. These batteries are great. I was skeptical but you can't beat the price and they last a long time. Must have if you have kids and their toys that require a lot of batteries.
5	Batteries kick ass. Just as good as name brand. Would purchase again!
5	Price per battery is great. I checked the voltage on some of them and they were all at 1.6V. I think they will last at least as long as the brand name batteries, although I wouldn't be surprised if I were to learn they are all made by the same people and just labeled differently.
5	Great !!!A lot of batteries.Last long and don't leak.
5	Lotta batteries. at a good price.
5	Batteries work better than the ones I recharge. So I'll probably buy batteries in bulk instead of recharging from now on. I'll still need to buy rechargeables for my solar devices.
5	Its works perfectly for me in many of my devices. So I like this.
5	Last about 8 hours of non stop use which is about average. But the price was AMAZING!
5	A lot of batteries for a good price! Came on time!
5	These batteries are a no brainer. They work great and the price can't be beat.
5	Awesome
5	Great deal, packaging and shipped in a timely manner.
5	Great scotts that's a lot of batteries and definitely a life saving price
5	Great!
5	just as expected, awesome service
5	Outlast name brand batteries. This is a great product.
5	Works great just like the expensive brands
5	Yay! The best price and great quality
5	Love Amazon Batteries. This is the first time I have tried the Performance line. So far so Great :)
5	I thought theses would be crap like the typical cheapo batteries. But to my delight they are actually pretty decent quality. They do not last as long as I would like but for the price I can not complain.
5	Love love these batteries, great value
5	Amazon Basics - you are my hero. These are great batteries. I use them in my Apple keyboard and mouse and they have outlasted the brandname batteries I used to use. I get on average an additional 1-2 weeks of use out of each set of batteries which is an additional money saver. The shelf life seems to be normal for alkaline batteries.The packaging is biodegradable which adds to the convenience and value.
5	I'm not going to go into a great deal of detail about these batteries. Other reviewers here have done a fantastic job of doing that. Instead, I'm going to talk about the quality of Amazon's Basics line of batteries and whether or not they're worth your money. My son is six years-old and owns a ton of toys that require batteries. I can say, without-a-doubt, that we have tried every brand of battery out there. Time and time again we keep coming back to the AmazonBasics AA Performance batteries. They have a long shelf life, retain their charge, and as far as I can tell they last just as long as any other battery on the market. The biggest difference is in price. Where else are you going to get 48 quality AA batteries for 11 Just buy them! You won't regret it.
5	These are by far the best value for your money while getting good quality batteries! I will never purchase another brand again. Purchasing these only costs a few dollars more than a small pack of batteries at Walmart but you're getting a lot more and stocking up. I have noticed absolutely no difference between the Amazon basics and the name brands like Duracell, Energizer, etc. I highly recommend these batteries
5	These batteries are a great deal! The price is very reasonable and the life of the batteries are just as good as any major brand. Now that I have tried these out, I will purchase the amazon brand for all my future battery needs.
5	This is actually the second or third time I have ordered these and by that evidence it should be obvious that I really love the quality and value of these batteries. I have bought the crappy ones from the dollar store but they seriously don't last. Not worries with these bad boys! I don't need to replace them anymore often than the name brand . If this review helped you, click YES below. Thank you!
5	I love these batteries. I am so happy that I bought them. Batteries are super expensive at my local retailer. It's sad when the batteries cost more than the thing you are putting them into. I paid about the same amount to get 48... Yes 48 AA batteries from Amazon as I would have paid to get 8 from my local retailer. I needed batteries for my new game trail camera. It takes 8 AA batteries and I was fearful that I was going to go into the poor house trying to keep fresh batteries in my trail camera. I went shopping online at Amazon and found these. I bought these several weeks ago. I used 8 AA from this box in my new trail camera. I am so happy with them. My trail camera has been in the woods several weeks and the batteries are still over 90 charged and that's after taking tons of video of game. These are working great and I saved a ton of cash. I am buying a box of the AAA now. I always seem to need them around the house for some reason. I am very happy with my new batteries from AmazonBasics. They are working great for me. I hope you found this information useful to you and thank you for reading.If you found this information helpful please click Yes on the link below. I greatly appreciate it.
5	Great for the price
5	Ordering more. What's that tell you
5	What a deal! Awesome now I always have plenty of batteries at home. Also this was a very good value for the money.
5	Love these batt's! Long life! works great in toys all other items!
5	Awesome for cold/iced drinks! Keeps ice cubes from melting fast. Love this product! I wish they have a set for each design though.
5	They seem to be holding up just as well as the top battery brands, for a fraction of the cost! Another great product from AmazonBasics-I will be hunting for their other products now!
5	awesome price for decent batteries. they hold up fairly well, haven't run them through any rigorous tests, but when I put them in the remote control it seems to work again.
5	Awesome price, awesome batteries. I will never buy batteries anywhere else again, this deal is hard to beat.
5	Batteries are what you expect. They work. Price is awesome
5	Tried these for the first time last night. Played indoor with my wife and 12 and 6 year old daughters. Awesome time! Beats sitting around the table playing a board game. I will check back in the Spring to see if they are still working. So far, I highly recommend.
5	great money saver! will repurchase when i get near running out.these are great to have on hand (especially when it always seems that you need new batteries for everything at the same time).
5	Awesome value for the price! I haven't had a single problem with these batteries and I've used them in remotes, cameras, toys, all kinds of stuff. I'll never buy batteries from the store again!
5	Boom-Shacka-Lacka-Lacka! Great price!
5	Great batteries for a great price. They last just as long as the name brand batteries do.
5	I've bought these before. They used to have a different design, but with the new design comes longer life! I love these, especially for the price. Definitely last as long as the name brands!
5	We love these batteries! Better pricing than the bigger brands, but work just as well and just as long! Go Amazon!
5	Everything came as described and fast delivery (:
5	Still running strong after I had a string of battery-operated lights on for a whole week (in 8-hour shifts of darkness).
5	These work very well! Thank you for making a battery at a reasonable price!
5	Fantastic bargain and holding up well months later. I go through a lot of batteries, like almost everyone nowadays. So I searched for a better deal. I think I found it here. A big savings over grocery store batteries.
5	Great deal. I go through these like water through a sieve. USB mouse, flashlights, etc.
5	Works great and seems to last as long as my other batteries.
5	A lot of batteries for a little money. What more could you want
5	good bargain. haven't had them long enough to determine life, but so far so good!
5	Great bargain.
5	I more than recommend this purchase. I encourage it. The batteries work great. A bargain at the price and how many you get. I won't be buying batteries anywhere else again.
5	Good batteries at a good price. They do the job. I've moved almost everything to AAs and need to keep disposables for hurricane season (no power for weeks) These are just right.
5	Basic AA batteries for a good price.
5	Easy decision, the amazon basics line of products has always worked well for me, and amazon customer service on their stuff is amazing if you need it.There is little difference in Alkaline batteries. (Costco hits top rank in consumer reports, but I have not seen their amazon battery rating.)But ordering from amazon is so easy, and the quality is good
5	Great batteries at a great value.
5	The box is actually quite nice for storage. It is flat, and easy to open.
5	Using my el cheapo multimeter (Fluke was at work) all batteries were well within the my device's tolerance for reading resting voltage and internal resistance. No duds here, no significant variation. They come wrapped four cells per cellophane heat shrink wrapper in a well constructed box. The wrapping on the batteries is of very high quality, much better than other name brands, let alone budget batteries I've bought. While I cannot yet comment on lifespan, I expect them to last a long time in the low drain LED lights I am using them for. For anything but AAA and CR123, I'd highly recommend buying rechargeable units and a quality charger, but for the price, I will be purchasing these AmazonBasics AAAs for as long as they are available.
5	A nice bunch of batteries that work exactly as supposed to. Basics indeed!!
5	Are batteries. Do work. Yay.
5	Nice cheap batteries. A lot of them for the price . Will buy again in like 2 years lol
5	About what I expected. Good quality and is as described.
5	are batteries
5	As expected
5	Batteries, they work.
5	cheap batteries, not much to report
5	Does the job
5	Excellent batteries they are very useful in our home. Thanks Amazon
5	Good value.
5	great
5	Great deal and last as long as the major brands
5	great price
5	great value. I will purchase again.
5	I decide to give it a try. And it is too early to decide how it turns out. But so far, look good.
5	Just batteries. Nothing was wrong - it's nice to have so many batteries at home for this price, that's it.
5	Like all of Amazon's products, these work well.
5	Lots of energy !!
5	Love these batteries. Not only do I not have to go to the store for batteries but they seem to last longer then most of the batteries I have bought in the store. We use alot of batteries between my boys and their toys but also for cordless mics since my husband is a DJ. The big test that won me over was when you do toasts at weddings and announcements. We are able to use a set of batteries for more then one wedding
5	Love these, I go through the batteries so nice to get more for my money.
5	Nice flat packaging. They work for a long time.
5	Pretty sure these batteries are way better the name brand batteries! Don't get sacked into name brand when you can get just the same from the amazon store a
5	Standard batteries. Comes in a nice little box.
5	Such a great value!!!
5	The product came on time and as described. I am glad I bought this! I always research before I buy and this was a good deal.
5	They are batteries, what can I say. Bought as gifts to go along with the candles.
5	They are batteries... They do last a while though in the R/C toys we got for x-mas. I would buy these again over more expensive name brands.
5	They make things work!
5	They work well
5	They're batteries. They work. Simple as that.
5	This is the item I was looking
5	Very happy with purchase, very powerful.
5	Work as described
5	work as name brand
5	Work great
5	Works great and last a long time some of them are still working
5	Works like they should.
5	Batteries are awesome!! They are cost effective and last just as long as Energizer or Duracell. I have used these in both low drain (toys and small electronics) as well as high drain devices (Cameras and high powered LED flashlights). Using the Subscribe and Save makes them even more cost effective.
5	Batteries are batteries. These seem to work fine and the price was right.
5	I looked at the average rating of the major battery brands (EverReady, Duracell, Rayovac , etc). they all rate the same as these. Same complaints from the one and two star raters. I conclude batteries are batteries. So, I bought these and I've been happy with them.
5	They're batteries. They make small devices work. What more is there to say
5	Batteries are batteries are batteries. These are good. Last as long as they should. Came quickly.
5	I used these batteries in a Canon 420 Speedflash. Normally, under multiple exposure (around 3 shots per second), using standard alkaline I'd get 3 continuous flashes before a miss, or with fancy High Discharge Rate Flash batteries (translate - Expensive!), I'd get 5-6 continuous flashes. The last photography shoot, I was asked to get back-to-back images of a person at a surprise Birthday Party. Imagine my surprise when, upon entry of the victim, I captured 9 continuous exposures with perfect flash! I am very impressed!These batteries are high quality and surprisingly powerful!
5	Batteries work as promised. So far they seem to last and have not had any issues. Our kids blow though lots of batteries and for the price these are a must have.
5	I don't have any little kids , however the big boys seem to ear these batteries just as quickly. Price was great. Satisfied our' needs.
5	They're normal batteries, I just love that I could order them online and have them shipped with the wireless mouse I ordered the same day and have them arrive at the same time!
5	Fabulous price! And the batteries work great! I'll be buying all my batteries on Amazon from now on.
5	Same price to buy all these as it is to buy an 8pack at the store. Why pay more They same to have a similar lifespan. I haven't noticed any difference.When I retire in 30 years I'll probably buy an other case to get me through my last years. But these should last until then.
5	Are you like me! Do you have 46 devices in your home and they all seem to use AA! Amazon batteries are great quality super inexpensive and easy to get! It never fails that you need one or two batteries at 9 am or 9 pm and don't want the hassle of getting in the car for that 20 minute (or more) round trip to the drug store. A must have on the list of things worth having delivered to the house!
5	What's to say They're batteries and they're from Amazon. Just another staple item you'll need at a great price. Why shop anywhere else
5	hey, they're batteries. They do what they are suppose to do.
5	I love that it comes in a box. So smart for batteries. You don't have a lot of loose batteries like you do once you open a blister pack.
5	Great product at a great price
5	Amazon rocks. Great batteries at the click of a button lol!
5	I don't think I will ever go back to Costco to buy batteries. The price is awesome for the quantity and they last just as long as name brand batteries.
5	Batteries seem fine. Hard to tell if they are as good as name brand until I use them for a while.
5	I haven't had these batteries long enough to tell you if they last a long time or not but for the price you can't go wrong and I trust the Amazon basic batteries to be a better value than buying Energizer or Duracell batteries online that might come from a seller who is knocking them off from China
5	packaged per 4 they seem fine
5	Came as advertised. Batteries seem to last pretty long and the price was great. Even the paging they sent it in was greatPlease Vote YES on my review!! Thank you
5	These seem to last just fine for games and toys. Great value.
5	I tested each of these batteries and they were indeed batteries. Would buy again!
5	Great Batteries. Love the performance and value. With all our remotes and other battery demands this batteries will do the trick.
5	Batteries that work. Seem to last the same as other major brands, but cheaper to buy. A no-brainer.
5	Batteries were packaged good and seem fine
5	Batteries where used in mt solar light actually work well! Amazon could sell rechargeable that is some thing I'm very interested! I use a lot during summer and winter!
5	So far these batteries are perfect. I put a fresh set in my electric toothbrush and thought my teeth were going to buzz out of their sockets. Not really, but they do seem to have more 'juice' than the national brands, if that is possible.
5	We like them
5	Batteries work fine and are less expensive then all of the others on Amazon for sell. Nothing more to say!
5	batteries work great for my xbox controller. I get the same amount of time as any other brand I have bought.
5	These work great! First time I ordered them, but they were a great price. I love ordering from Amazon and hate getting out of the house so I will continue to order these.
5	Batteries worked great at a reasonable price. I used them in an xbox one controller, which can eat up batteries, and received similar battery life to more expensive name brand batteries.
5	Batteries, nuff said.
5	Yup, a bunch of batteries.
5	Always needing AA for toys. Include in my subscribe save for convenience. Seems to be a quality battery and up to par with other brand name batteries. Will buy again.
5	They are functional batteries. Nothing really special aside from being Amazon branded
5	Anything from Amazon Basics is AMAZONG.
5	Batteries! So far no problem with any I've received, they do the job!
5	Good product at great price!!
5	Average batteries, functioning as expected, at a great price. I think I'll see if they've got some AA's at a comparable price.
5	They're batteries. I'm not really sure what to write here. They were packaged safely. They arrived. They power the little LED lights I bought on amazon. Yay batteries! I can't speak to how long they last because who actually pays attention to that I'm using them to power little tap lights.
5	They are batteries....
5	They're batteries, they work. I'll post about it I see they don't last very long, but I've gained a lot of trust in Amazon brand products so I'm fairly confident.
5	Good batteries for cheap!
5	Batteries...what can you say
5	Good
5	great price
5	Living in a remote control world like I do I use a pretty fair amount of batteries, I find that these Amazon brand batteries are just as good or better than the copper top, or energizer, the price is competitive with the other brands , Kirkland, acdelco, rayovac, the preform really well in all devices, and the shelf life is great, I would recommend highly,
5	This is a real Bargain folks get'um while you can...
5	Trust Amazon Basics products. Work like the top name brand products, but at a greatly reduced price. Use these in my bike lights.
5	You know, I really like the Amazon line of batteries. At first I has hesitant on using anything other than Duracell, I tried these and especially for the price you simply cannot go wrong....
5	Battery replenishment
5	Easy to order easy to keep a reoccurring order if you tend use batteries often. I don't notice a difference between this brand or a more popular branch in terms of durability. We keep them on hand at our house because you never know when you'll need one or four of them. I'll be ordering them again soon.
5	great buy
5	These batteries are the best! I love amazon branded items!!
5	Durable, long lasting, ordering again !
5	They're batteries, they work that is all
5	I installed three of these beautiful AAA cells into my bike light. Now I believe that I am less likely to die in a violent crash with a car.
5	High quality and quite decorative. Highly recommended.
5	Been happy with Amazon batteries. Dont' see much difference vs the duracell that I usually buy. So now, i just the the amazon. This is the 3rd set that I have bought. They are so cheap that I give them with gifts. The parents and kids love me because they usually don't' have batteries.
5	Been using Amazon Basics batteries for awhile now. Very inexpensive way to keep extra batteries around all the time. We go through a lot of double and triple A batteries. Do they last as long as name brand I don't know but at least I can afford to have twice as many around for the same money.
5	Bunch of AA batteries. Been working fine. Seems to be a good value.
5	Being a gamer I go through batteries quite frequently. I do have rechargeable battery packs but I often forget to plug them in and I am too impatient to wait to play until after they are charged. These batteries have surprised me with how long they last in my XBox 360 Controllers!
5	i am ready to do a full review on this product.Sins the package arrived in my house, i immediately take 2 aa battery and put it to my mac mouse,believe me mac mouse is 24/7 in use and it got me thru for 1 month and 1 week FEB / 19 - MAR / 25-26really good product
5	Amazon brand just as good as big name brands and way cheaper. Never buying another brand again!
5	I prefer purchasing my batteries in bulk, so that I can buy them once and forget about them for the upcoming months (or year). AmazonBasics was, at the time of purchase, the most economical pack of AAA batteries.I haven't noticed any difference in time or quality of use. I don't use AAA batteries for many things, though, and for those that I do the items tend to last for quite some time on a pair of batteries, so I would not notice a change unless the batteries were really, really poor quality. Thankfully, they're not, and their price point made them a steal for me. These also store well - I have had no issues using some of these that my parents purchased years ago and they appear comparable to the pack I purchased recently.I've lately been really impressed with the quality of electronics that AmazonBasics offers. As store-brands go, this is among the first that has yet to disappoint me!
5	These Amazon AA batteries are better than other leading brands like Duracell or Energizer compared within the Alkaline category. I'm happy that I bought these as they are described as advertised. They last long and do not leak that nasty white stuff when you leave your batteries in a device for an extremely long time. I'm not sure about shelf life though as I never put aside a battery for that many years and tried it before, but I do believe these can last way longer than the other brands. From experience, I feel that these out last longer than others with normal usage. The shiny coating looks better than the white coat before. The price for a pack of these is also the best value than going to any actual store to buy them as they tend to be expensive. So far, every one of these batteries worked just fine with full charges and no dead ones at all. Very satisfied and happy I made this purchase.
5	Best product from amazon basics,packaging is super good and easy to use
5	Great batteries for a awesome price. Could not ask for more.
5	They last longer then I thought they would.Seeing how cheap they are.
5	Excellent value. Been using in all electronics and no complaints.
5	Just as good as Duracells for a fraction of the price.
5	Just an amazing product how can you go wrong.
5	You can not beat this deal anywhere. These batteries were just as good as the top brand batteries my husband always buys... if you are running through batteries all the time because of kids toys (which was my case) this will be a good deal for you! BUY IT!
5	BEST BATTERIES EVERSeriously, way better than the two big brands that I have been buying for years.My insulin pump goes through one of these every 1.5 months were an energizer battery lasts .75 months
5	12 for a 48 pack. Very long lasting batteries. Just can't beat such a deal..Usually I would have something negative to say about a product, but I have nothing for this.
5	I bought these for my Xbox one remotes because the other brands I would buy dies way too quickly. I was a little skeptical at first because I had never heard of Amazon Basics but I'm glad I tried them. I play the Xbox everyday and the batteries have not died within three weeks. That's great quality.
5	These are by far less expensive and better than any AA or AAA battery and a lot less expensive.
5	Wow!!!! I bought this sick to the wall light for a closet and it was dim really dim, even with rayovac brand new it was brighter but not impressive. Upon trying these out I was blinded by how bright it was. Box also works nicely to keep batteries in one place.
5	I'll admit I was a bit worried when buying these because of the price, but they have held up and last a longtime. I highly recommend over the overpriced big brand batteries.
5	I got these for my grandkids toys and just got them cause they were cheap and would deliver. Well I was wrong! They been playing with their toys since Christmas and the batteries are still going strong. So my recommendation these are the ones to buy.
5	These test full charge while the ones i have been buying are already partially discharged bc u cannot tell how fresh they r, even when they are adv as good for 10 yrs.
5	Another great product from amazon. I also use their rechargeable AA batteries which last a lot longer than any Energizer or Duracell that I have ever used. When it comes to any common battery size (AA, AAA, C, D, etc.), I will only be using AmazonBasics. Give this product a try and you won't be disappointed. You can't beat the price and/or quality.
5	Love the price... now I never run out of batteries... and they last just a long as other batteries I have purchased.
5	Best value on batteries yet and surprisingly long lasting, high quality batteries by Amazon. Will buy more when needed.
5	Best price and easy to order. I only buy Amazon Basics batteries now.
5	You can't find a better deal
5	Best buy for your money
5	Lasting power....I use them in a TENS unit. They work well enough as any. 27 cents per battery, I wasnt really expecting them to work so well but I was surprised.
5	You can't beat this deal!
5	Best battery deal out there, And they work just as good as the name brands like Duracell.
5	Ever since getting an insulin pump, I've been using more AAA batteries since my pump uses them. I was happy to find that AmazonBasics offers AAA batteries at a bargain price so that I don't have to spend more money keeping myself alive. Type 1 diabetes is expensive in itself and I'm glad that I can save, even if it's just spare change, on the products I need to purchase to keep my insulin pump going. I find that these last just as long as name-brand batteries and have had no problems with them. In the future I will be using Amazon's Subscribe Save program now that I know how long the batteries in my insulin pump last. Overall, I would recommend these batteries if you regularly use AAA batteries and like to save money.
5	Trusted brand, good price.
5	I bought these for my wireless Apple mouse and keyboard that eat through batteries quick. They seem to last me just as long as Energizer and Duracell AA batteries at a fraction of the cost.
5	Work as good as Duracel and cost less. Not much else to say.
5	These batteries are the bomb. They work just as well as top brands (Energizer, Duracell) and are like half the price. They shipped super fast and there are so many that I still have some lying around from my order last year. Definitely will re-order when I run out. :)
5	Best deal you can find for AA's. And the Xbox controllers last for days with them. Just like a brand name battery!!!
5	Best deal. Great quality batteries
5	OMG! these batteries are so affordable! And it may just be my biased opinion, but they seem to last longer than the Duracell or Energizer batteries I buy at the store (maybe because they don't sit in inventory for goodness know how long). Regardless, these are my favorite AAs
5	The battery were pack in a plastic solid thing holding the battery inside of a very well made box. I have not tested the battery but the Do Not list is well thought out. It Has it in English,Chinse,Spanish,Dutch,French and One Other. This has to be why you should buy AmazonBasics battery instead of other people cause their prices higher than in stores for a cheap medium grade battery. I a real person and feel free to ask the oddest question.AmazonBasics AAA Performance Alkaline Batteries (8-Pack) - Packaging May Vary
5	Great product, long lasting with a great price.
5	I love AmazonBasics in general and this number of batteries at that price- you cannot even beat that at the dollar store even with their crappy low quality batteries.
5	I like that these were wrapped in plastic in sets of 4 to help keep them organized. These worked well and restocked my battery storage area. The box was simple and compact, no larger than it had to be - this is never the case at big box stores. Thanks, Amazon!
5	Great batteries. I don't think they last nearly as long as some of the bigger name brands. But can not be beat for price.
5	long lasting and powerful. also, best pricing.
5	I have purchased Amazon batteries before and they last as long as the leading brands like Energizer or Duracell's for 3x less the cost. Most people nowadays are using rechargeable but there are a few things that still require Alkaline such as my temp signal transmitter for my digital clocks and a pair of these lasted about 9 months out in weather. Other brands died within a few months. You will not be disappointed.
5	We normally buy CostCo batteries, so we don't by the Top brand anyway. It's a question of value. If the top brand lasts to a 10 on a scale of 1 to 10 where 10 is the best, longest lasting, battery life, and these only last to a 7 or 8 they are a great value anyway because they are 100 batteries for 22. That's just 0.22 per battery. Twenty-Two cents vs about 46 cents for the top brand is a pretty good deal in my book.Okay I might have to change batteries more often which I see is the only downside.Again it's all about value to me. These AmazonBasics AAA batteries are a bargain.
5	Everyone needs extra batteries around the house. These Amazon Basics AA are in every control that I have in my home. As far as I can tell they last as long as the expensive main brands. Get a box of batteries, throw them in 'that' drawer, and never run out of batteries again.
5	These batteries are great, and a real value when you buy in bulk. I would highly advise you to buy more then you need because the higher you go the bigger discount you get. They come shipped in very good packaging, and packed tight to keep them safe. If you buy many the packaging can be used for safe storage.The performance of these batteries is about what you would come to expect from Amazon. They on on par with more expensive Energizer brand batteries. The shelf life on these is also around 10 years. While I'm a big advocate for lithium batteries, sometimes you just need a less expensive option and these are always my goto brand. You will be hard pressed to find a better value for your money in terms of batteries.
5	It seemed like everything I bought for my daughter required 12 batteries a piece! This is a great value. Now all her swings, bouncers, and toys are fully operational. I've purchased this size and others. No issues and will buy all my batteries from Amazon from now on.
5	Best value I've ever gotten on batteries. They last as long as a Duracell at about 1/8 the price
5	This is the best deal I've found for batteries. Now I can always have plenty on hand. The simple packaging is a plus over store bought blister packed batteries too.
5	Best value in batteries
5	These are awesome. They're an amazing value - buying Amazon batteries in bulk is the best deal I've found anywhere. And the subscribe and save option is awesome when you have kids in the house - gadgets and remotes and games and controllers and toys, oh my! This keeps you ready and stocked.I also like the way they're packaged - plastic wrap is easy to tear off, but holds together sets of 4, all boxed together. Very handy.These are a must for any busy, budget-conscious parent!
5	It's probably the best value for AA batteries out there. They function as expected.
5	Amazon Basics batteries are my go-to favorites. I've tried several different sizes they've all functioned perfectly. We go through a lot of AAA batteries for electronics like trackballs and remote controls these seem to be the most reliable and longest-lasting I've found. Love the price the high quality. A terrifc value. Most highly recommended!--Have a question about these batteries Just leave a comment I'll be happy to help you, if I can.
5	Best bang for your buck. All the batteries last as long as leading brands for a fraction of the cost. We've got 3 kids and we go through batteries like crazy over here. I cannot even begin to tell you how much money these Amazon batteries have saved us! Thanks!
5	LOVE these! They last a long time and you can't beat the price! Great value!
5	What I found was that in our Wii controllers and Xbox controllers, the rechargeable packs would die after a few months (maybe last a year)...but then I would have spent so much on the packs that I wouldn't want to replace them, so they would stay in the charger longer and longer and when we wanted to play a game, we only got 10 minutes of play time until the rechargeable pack was dead.Then I bought batteries at Walmart (Duracell) and used those...but it was so long between changes that when we wanted to play a game 6 months later, only half the controllers worked! And I was out of batteries!Then I got an Amazon Dash button for these and now all that is gone. I put the box of batteries downstairs by the Xbox and Wii. No more dead batteries!!!! The batteries are in bundles of 4. When we get low, I'll just order another box. Best way to always keep batteries available for controllers, remotes, and such.
5	The s e area great for all of the times you need this size of battery. The box they come in makes easier to find them in my grab all drawer.Just purchased my second orders onthese
5	Better performance than I expected. I feel like I get just as much out of these as the name brands and the price is fantastic. Highly recommend!
5	These batteries work as well as any batteries purchased in a brick-and-mortar store. The best part is that they cost less.
5	The batteries have lasted just as long as any name brand batteries that I have bought. Will continue to buy.
5	Last a long time!!! Better than competing brands.
5	decent quality battery strength for price. better than dollar store for sure
5	I believe this one is more better than Duracell. Will buy again .
5	Good value and better than Duracell, Eveready in my opinion, especially over rated Duracell.
5	I used to use Duracells all the time, and then started having leakage problems with them. I ventured out to try these. Life seems to be as long in devices I use a lot, and they don't leak. I am done with Duracell, and will use these!
5	I am highly satisfied with these batteries. I mainly use them with Bose noise cancelling headphones and haven't experienced any issues. They last longer than most batteries I have purchases and are much cheaper than competitor brands. A well deserved 5 star rating!
5	Hold up really well in my son's toys, better than most so far and last a few days in my hubby's Xbox controller, but mind you the thing is hardly ever not in his hands so that's actually a pretty good span compared to others we've used.
5	Batteries have great life span. Highly recommend. They last just as long if not longer than the top name brands at a much cheaper cost.
5	I love Amazon Basics! They are low cost, well made, and quality checked. Better than name brand. Only place to get cheaper well made batteries is maybe Costo and no buddy got time for that! :) ha!
5	The batteries are great! They work well and the price point can't be beat. I especially love that these come on my subscribe and save order and I no longer pay for batteries at the check out counter in the grocery store.
5	I personally think that these batteries are as good as name brand ones for half the price! I primarily use these in my xbox one controllers and change batteries maybe twice a month of heavy play. Definitely worth the purchase!
5	I love that Amazon offers its own brand of products for an amazing price! These batteries work just as well as any other brand I've purchased from the store, if not better. I have a remote control that eats through batteries (it also powers headphones so I don't disturb my boyfriend while he's trying to sleep) and so far these have lasted longer than the Duracell batteries I've been using. They were a better deal as well! I've already recommended these to my family and friends with children who always complain that all their kids toys requires batteries. I will be buying more!
5	need these!!! better than other bateries
5	We are having good luck with these batteries. The ones we used previously that came from the box store whose name begins with a C, have been known to leak acid in multiple applications, and so far these have been super in both AA and AAA sizes. Super pricing too.
5	Good batteries. Can't beat the price!
5	great price
5	I usually only buy Duracell batteries that I purchase on sale through Groupon. I received a bad batch and it always takes so long to get them that I decided to give the Amazon batteries a try. I'll never buy another battery anywhere else. Thank you Amazon for providing another quality product that worked as well as the most expensive brands out there at a reduced price. Shipping was prompt and on time.
5	Amazon Basics batteries are the best, I use them specifically in my Kwikset KEVO among other things. Certain items that were burning through batteries very quickly are now out of mind for 2 months +
5	Well packaged with the full rated voltage and then some.
5	I've gone through so many batteries with the BlinkforHome cameras, far more than they say it should. I've spent a fortune on big brand batteries and the lifespan was awful. Someone suggested I try AmazonBasics and so far I've only need four batteries in the time that I would have used 20 or more. When I use up the AAA size I have sitting around I'll get a box of those too in the AmazonBasics brand. These are superior to Duracell in every way.
5	No joke, i was such a skeptic of these batteries. Seriously. But they seem more powerful than the name brand competition.I bought them for use in a breast pump mainly. I noticed with other batteries I was getting a lot less suction but with these it runs full power, just like I'd plugged it in the wall.I don't think I'll buy the name brand batteries anymore. Good job Amazon.
5	Long lasting and a great value! Come in very basic packaging, most likely to cut cost. Will buy again!
5	Seems to work better and last longer in our flashlights then the name brands!
5	tested these batteries along side name brand in a handheld microphone and they actually preformed better and lasted longer then the big name brands.
5	Longer lasting battery.
5	I have quickly become a fan of Amazon Basics products. You just can't beat the price and quality. These batteries run just as long as the Duracell's I had before this purchase. I bought these based on the reviews and because the price was so good. I bought both double and triple A batteries and use them is Wireless mouse ( I have 3 Amazon Basic wireless mice), TV remotes and clocks. So far, I have noticed no poor performance and the run time is as good as anything else I have tried. I keep them on a shelf in a rough room in my basement to keep them cool and dry. The do come wrapped in 4's in the box. That keeps them organized nicely in the box, but the wrapper can be a frustration so I keep a razor knife on the same shelf which make very quick work of that. Problem solved. Overall, I am totally satisfied and as I said, I will buying more of the Amazon Basics as they become available.
5	Super batteries, they last long. Package has so many units that I'm sharing with family and friends. If it's Amazon you know is good.
5	My family goes through a lot of AA and AAA batteries. I've been buying bulk packs of AmazonBasics Performance Alkaline Batteries for a few years now and my household expenditures on batteries have gone down by nearly half. I don't see any difference in the overall performance or life of these batteries when compared to Duracell or EverReady alkaline batteries and they cost quite a bit less.
5	These perform and last just as well as Energizer or Duracell. We burn through these at my office for wireless keyboards and mice, so I needed to restock at a good price. I've never had any complaints by anything made by AmazonBasics at all. These come in a simple cardboard box that's sealed. Inside that box, you have two rows of sealed/wrapped batteries. They worked great for my needs, and will return based on the price.
5	So far so good, I'll try and let folks know if they don't last as long as branded batteries.
5	Bought these for the holidays and I have to say I am impressed. I thought for the price I couldn't go wrong but these things hold their charge compared to any name brand. Kids have been running them in their toys non stop and they keep on going. I will definitely not hesitate to buy amazon batteries ever again.
5	As advertised, a box of 36 AAA batteries. I have a bunch in my kitchen already, from when I bought a box (36) of Duracell AAA batteries last January. Well, I guess you can never have too many. A better deal here (Amazon) than the Duracell box, hope they perform as well too. Time will tell, have a great day.
5	The brush is still buzzing my brain when I use it. No way any of the other batteries will do this. Been there done that.
5	These are good batteries. How do I know. I installed these in my electric tooth brush 2 months ago. The brush is still buzzing my brain when I use it. No way any of the other batteries will do this. Been there done that.
5	Brand new and packaged inside box 4-in a row. Batteries last just as long if not more than name brand for much higher price.
5	Excellent idea to buy together!!
5	These batteries have performed just as well as name brand batteries, and the price was very reasonable.
5	I now have five times as many batteries as when I buy them at the grocery store, for the same price.
5	what a good deal on batteries they work well
5	I purchased these a little more than skeptical about how long these would actually last. But 100 battery pack at about 20 that's a pretty great steal and I figured if they run out fast well I have a 100 to go through. So I said why not and bought them. They arrived and I put them to the test since apparently all gizmos and gadgets require like 4 of these bad boys.I can not even describe how pleasantly surpised I was with these. They come in a card board box which is was nice and easy to store. The batteries are wrapped up into groups of 4's. They hold a fairly long charge so you don't have to change them out too often.
5	Simple packaging. No frills. It just works. These are standard batteries and will last as long as any others you'll find, but at a MUCH better price than any store will have.
5	I bought these batteries because I have had leakage problems with name branded batteries. These batteries were cheaperand seem to work well. I won't know if they leak until some time goes by,but I have had good luck with the unbrandedbatteries I purchased from Amazon in the past.
5	I never use amazon batteries before,but I love it, It's good for the price,it last just as long as duracell batteries, and the design of the batteries is just cute
5	I bought these mainly for my headphones I listen to tv with in bed at night to avoid disturbing my husband. Will last about a week in those. I sometimes forget to turn them off. Haven't timed them or anything, but no particular difference noted between these and higher priced brand name batteries--are noticeably better than some more inexpensive ones I have bought in a pinch. Also use in bathroom scales (weigh daily) and food scales (used daily), and last a long time. Love convenience of not running out of batteries frequently.
5	I was sick and tired of my duracells leaking so I bought these. Only one month in, so it's hard to know if they leak, but so far so good. No complaints.
5	They last nearly as long as name brand, but the price is amazing. Never buying other batteries again.
5	Non name brand batteries usually freak me out a little, but these actually work pretty well. I drain batteries pretty fast, and so far these hold up like Duracell.
5	Fast shipping. I haven't worn out one yet, so I dont know what their life will be, but they look good.
5	great for the price but don't last long but the quantity makes up for it
5	Great price! Batteries work great. I'm happy that I bought in bulk because I saved money and now I'm not constantly searching for batteries.
5	BUY THE BEST OR SUFFER LIKE THE REST
5	your basic batteries but cheaper. Did not notice shorter life span. Great for college
5	Awesome purchase. Last a pretty long time!
5	they are fresh batteries and work great
5	Great batteries for super price! I am on recurring shipment - get a box once a month.
5	Long lasting and great packaging. Rechargeable is best but these are good in a pinch.
5	Hands down better than the top brands. Thank you Amazon.
5	Always buy!
5	Great value for the money. While I cannot compare this to any other batteries lifespan, they have been going for about a month strong now in frequently used devices.
5	love the little box it comes in and easy to open. works just like other batteries.
5	A real pleasure.
5	When I think of all of the money that I've spent so far on batteries, I am actually a bit furious! I buy batteries for all sorts of things for my family. And to think, these batteries were here all along, and I should've bought them along time ago! Amazon basics batteries are definitely worth the buy! not only do you get the size that you need when you need it, you get enough in a simple package that meets the demands that you need, easier open, and, worth the price! For the same amount of batteries that you get even in the smaller package, you would pay quite a bit more for the larger more popular brands that are out there. These batteries perform just like the others!These of been tested in everything from small toys, two Xbox controllers. Please do not die unexplainably or unexpectedly and they just plain work!I'm ordering a larger package I think but the Subscribe and Save option is great for monthly restocking or a staple item used all the time!
5	Came in with a nice little package. And the batteries are high quality. I am using these for my string lights that are powered by batteries. Everything seems pretty good so far.
5	Best Product Value , Amazon know what they doing (:Good price for quantity , for sure will buy more .
5	These work just fine.
5	There are too many kids toys to count in our house that require batteries. You cannot beat the price of Amazon branded batteries. They last just as long as any other top brand, but a much better value. AmazonBasics has quickly become a brand I trust.
5	Can't beat em. For the price and quality they are the best.
5	You cannot beat the quality for the price of these batteries. For the same price as the cheapo brands, these AmazonBasics batteries are great quality. Nice weight to them compared to the cheap Sony or Sunbeam batteries. Performance wise they have been good so far and been using about a dozen of them for a month now.
5	Honestly, they are AAA batteries. I had a keyboard that only takes AAA and don't have rechargeable ones. So far, haven't had an issue. Whether or not they last as long as name brand is yet to be seen. But the fact that I bought these already a few months ago and I'm currently typing on said keyboard with the first set I took from package tells me they should last long enough.
5	High quality, long lasting, fast delivery. And a great price. Can't beat that! I recommend buying in bulk.
5	Not the longest lasting but the price more than makes up for it. We're big fans of the Amazon brand batteries in all sizes.
5	I've had these AA Amazon batteries for a month now and I've had no issues. I replaced the batteries in many of my sons toys when I first got them and all of the toys are still going strong.This pack of batteries comes with 48 AA batteries. It comes in a nice box which I'm still using to keep the unused ones in for storage. I think that the value of these are much better than any other brand. At Walmart for a 24 pack of energizer you will pay 9.94 and for a 24 pack of Duracell you will pay 13.97. This comes with double the amount! With a kid I've learned I can spend a fortune on batteries with all the toys that do not include batteries so I will continue to use these. Very happy with them so far!
5	Great price for a ton of batteries.
5	Good buy hands down
5	Price per battery this is tough to beat. Performance/longevity wise, these beat out most every generic battery I've used and keeps up with the big brands too. You can't go wrong with these - especially if you have a household with kids ... kids have this magic that makes batteries deplete just by being around them .... lol
5	Can't beat the value!
5	Great basic alkaline batteries at a terrific price.
5	Great quality batteries. For this many batteries you'd have to pay twice this price if it was name brand. This is a no brainer.
5	Excellent batteries for the price.
5	Really excellent value here. They ship in a nice little box that's easy to store, within the box, the batteries are separated into plastic-wrapped packs of 4.
5	Nice affordable pack of batteries. I provide photos of what the packaging looks like.
5	Cant beat the price, and these batteries seem to last forever even with heavy use. I grabbed this multi pack because you never know when you'll need AAA's and they've come in handy.
5	The power is yours!
5	Got the juice, delivered right to the house, not a dud in the box.
5	Always provide enough power for the toys. We reorder them when we start getting low.
5	Great value on amazon basic batteries.
5	These batteries are top quality and you can't beat the price. If your in the market for batts then amazon basics are for you.
5	This was an amazing deal very, very, very happy!
5	Great price. Good Quality. No complaints.
5	Great option for all the little doo-dads and junk that doesn't need much power. I use these in TV remotes and such.
5	What can I say. They are cheap and last as long as the copper top brand name. Don't waste your money on the brand, get the cheaper which is probably made by the brand anyways.
5	Cheap and functional. Can't ask for much more.
5	Cheap and convenient! Work great and last just as long as others!
5	These batteries worked perfectly and last pretty well. And they're cheap. Score!
5	Always worked well in my tools and controllers. Cheap. Dont forget to recycle
5	Cheap and Super convenient
5	The few batteries I have used so far work and are holding up. Will update if they fail prematurely
5	I've been ordering these cheap batteries for years for my XBOX controllers. They are cheap and long lasting, and I'll never go back to picking up batteries at the store again.
5	cheap and work gritty good
5	They're batteries..
5	Cheaper but still work well :)
5	Works just as well as any other batteries just much cheaper!
5	still working fine
5	Product was worth the price and more
5	I spoil my cats rotten with toys. They burn through AA bats like a lonely middle aged woman. This is the cheapest way to get them. I just wish they didn't plastic wrap them in bundles of 4.
5	Cheap, long lasting batteries. Can't beat it.
5	Great deal! These batteries last just as long as any other brand I've tried, and buying them in bulk is a great deal.
5	cheaper and better than branded
5	I always order amazon product. Cheaper and good quality
5	I'm very happy with these batteries. Cheaper than a local deal at a hardware store. They seem to work as well as the name brands. I'm happy with the quality and quantity.
5	Batteries seem to work just as well as name brand batteries but at a much cheaper price.
5	Just as great as name-brand batteries! The only difference seems to be the labels.
5	Love the batteries! The duration of the batteries are pretty long and each one is created the same. Quality is good and above all else is the Price!Cheaper batteries if you buy the 100 pack and way way cheaper than costco!
5	The price is cheaper that the other famous brands. It works just as great as the other ones. Since when Amazon started selling their brand's battery I am a fan1 of it. I buy AA and AAA. I truly recommend this brand.
5	Real good, Worked as soon as I put them in. But made in China. not the USA. Trump 2016.
5	These work just as well as the name-brands, come in easy to access packaging, and are a great value! Will never buy batteries from a big box store again!
5	Comes in a box that is convenient for storing. High quality batteries and not high quality prices.
5	Comparable in quality to the more expensive brands. No issues so far with the quality of this batteries. I will buy again.
5	I've used Amazon batteries for a couple of years in everything from remotes, toys, flashlights, noise cancelling headsets, and portable games and have been very pleased. They have not let me down yet. The performance is comparable to what you get out of the leading major brands at a fraction of the price. You can save even more if you add these to your Subscribe Save items! You can't beet the price! I highly recommend them!
5	I am a big fan of Amazon batteries! They cost less, last as long, and get here in 2 days with Prime!
5	I've used 4 of these batteries now and the life appears to be comparable with that of Duracell/Energizer. The cost savings over the mainstream brands makes these a real winner! Would buy again.
5	Lasts just as long as Duracell.
5	Compared to dollar store like batteries these seem to be better but not like twice as good. For the price and quantity it's worth the purchase.Use them in tv remotes to chess computers to kids toys and can't complain. Amazing how many items require AA batteries today.
5	Great price. Compares well to major brands
5	Something as simple as a pack of batteries brought to you by Amazon at a more than competitive price delivered to your door. How could you go wrong
5	I like how easy and fast it is to order these batteries. This is a really good price for the convenience aspect.
5	Well, I've only used 3 of these for about an hour but they are lovely so far.
5	This battery pack is economical, and the convenience of having it delivered is a plus.
5	Cheap and easy batteries in an easy open package that is also recyclable and good for storage. Perfect for those toys (child and adult toys) that are constantly using batteries. I wish Amazon offered a package with prepaid return postage for recycling. I would pay an extra dollar or something if I could pack them back in the box and ship them back to Amazon for recycling. YOU HEAR THAT AMAZON
5	They're batteries, what more do I need to say
5	Batteries work as good as any other big brand
5	So far these batteries perform as well as any other alkaline battery that I have used. The cost even beats Duracell at Costco so I consider it a good deal.
5	It seems to work as good as Brand name batteries!
5	couldn't be happier. They work great and appear to have a long life.
5	Amazon Basics. That's all that needs to be said:)
5	Love this when I'm doing my makeup. it was a lot larger than I expected which I really loved! The only con I found is that it is TOO BRIGHT. When I first used it, my eyes and head hurt because of the brightness. But overall, this is a great product.
5	Crazy cheap. They last about as long as name brand batteries in my Xbox controllers, TV remote, and my expansive AmazonBasics adult toy collection. What more needs to be said
5	If you, like me, dont care what batteries you use in your TV remote these are fine for youPros-Um 100 batteriesThey come in packs of 4, so not loose batteries rolling aroundCons-I hear they may drain quicker than more expensive batteries. To that I say: I have 99 more where that came from.
5	Perfect
5	It's now about the middle of April and I bought these at the end of February, I waited to post my review so I could get a better feel for these and how they last and how they compare to other batteries I've been using.We use a lot of batteries in our house so I buy bulk and these seemed like a good deal and they were or are.These seem to last just as long as other batteries I've used in terms of usage time so no complaints there at all. I'm happy with them for sure, will purchase again as needed.
5	Decent batteries
5	I bought these solely based on price. (Might have even been a Prime Day special, I'm not positive at this point)Use them in remotes, my camera flash, and a few flashlights. I think they work just fine and last an appropriate amount of time. If it seems they were used up quickly, I just think about the price I paid and have no issues.
5	These are okay by me.
5	Seems to have lifespan of other name brand batteries. Happy with them
5	Decided to try these private labeled batteries and they work excellently. I have already purchased more of a different size.
5	The price is fantastic and they work just as well as certain name brand batteries with the copper top and the bunny.
5	AAA batteries. They make things go. I, uh...I have nothing else. I mean, batteries are pretty much--Oh, wait! They're quite shiny also.
5	I'll never buy Dollar Store batteries again! D They're great. I'd put them on par with Energizer or Duracell.
5	You can not beat the price and it is by a trusted name.
5	Great product at a great price! I have been using these alongside the more name-brand batteries, and so far they are still neck and neck! I'm always looking for a quality product at a great price, and I really feel like these have the longevity to do that. I'm very pleased, and we will be buying Amazon batteries as our household battery moving forward.
5	Bought several times and they last
5	Great Batteries. Cost and shipping was well worth it.
5	Do not have issues with their batteries and definitely cheaper than the regular store, the only other store that compares is Ikea.
5	Because paying 20-40 dollars at Walmart (depending on type) for the same thing makes sense right If you are like me and have 3 kids that all have annoying gizmos and electronic crap that takes batteries it is hard to beat Amazon's bulk batteries.These seem to have the same general capacity of a standard Energizer. I have not tested these with my joule thief to see how long they can last. But I'd say on par with the others.This may sound dorky-- when batteries are this cheap, you will find yourself putting them back into toys, remotes, electronics that you had previously marked as not necessary to be powered.
5	Batteries last a decent amount for things like toys and remotes. The packages come 4 each in a plastic wrap so you don't have to worry about loose batteries floating around after you open the box.
5	I didn't conduct an official experiment, but they seem to work just as good as any other batteries out there. Perfect!
5	Does the job. Very good price!
5	good price good batteries
5	These are batteries so what can one say. ...they are economical and function. I bought light motion that require 3 AAA batteries. I needed 9 and they all work flawlessly. Plus now my remote control also works too.
5	Works for the purpose purchased.
5	Great value. Keep the power just the same as the much higher priced Duracell and Energizer batteries
5	Haven't noticed any difference in performance since I switch from my (brand name), big difference in price though. I will be ordering these from now on.
5	Why spend more on other brand name batteries when you can get these for a fraction of the price and they work really well.
5	Don't know why I waited so long to finally invest in rechargeable batteries. Once you switch, you won't go back!
5	Don't look further for any other brand. You get double the amount of batteries for the same price compared to other brands. The battery life is comparable to the other name brands. Must have for every household.
5	long lasting/good price
5	Great value for batteries in bulk - our household expends batteries quickly, so it's great to always have a backup supply.The low cost of these means I can afford to keep plenty on hand. The quality is comparable to most other brands we've tried - especially for video game controllers and the like.
5	I'm never going to buy a brand-name battery again . Amazon basic batteries are just as good as the big boys . Amazon basic batteries are my battery of choice from now on .
5	A Great Deal On Great Batteries.
5	Exactly what I needed, lots of AA batteries for a cheap price. They last just as long as any other battery so this was totally worth it. Will only buy my batteries from here now on.
5	I was surprised to see how inexpensive these batteries were and packaged nice
5	Considering that Duracell batteries are guaranteed to leak and ruin your device, these are an excellent alternative.
5	Works well, easy packaging
5	Batteries for days, easy and cheap. If they simply work, I'll be all good. The packaging is shiny, so they will, right :)
5	The Internet of Things... more like, Internet of Batteries! The more smart gear we get, the more batteries we blow through. When my wifi-enabled scale (!) pooped out after about 9 months on the factory batteries, I restocked it with the Amazon Basics. They ship in a compact, no-frills cardboard box... inside a larger Amazon shipping box. The cardboard box is easy to open... no screwing around with scissors and sharp plastic packaging. Then you can close the lid on them when done and not worry about them rolling everywhere. If you have shaky hands or poor eyesight, these are the ones to get.
5	Arrived quickly. Easy to install with clear, simple instructions. Touch screen input seems to be the same as it was prior to installation.
5	Works as well as the name brand batteries but so much cheaper! Easy to unpack also.
5	Plug and play! Easy to use.
5	Would highly recommend. Much cheaper than traditional clam-shell battery packs in store and seem to have a decent shelf life.
5	We are pleased with these AAA batteries. They are economical and have worked well for us in the items we tried them with. Easy to store in the cardboard box they arrived in.
5	Just as good as the more expensive name brands.
5	Cheap and effective, These batteries last a reasonable amount of time for the price
5	Such a great deal on efficient batteries. My kids use batteries like crazy on their leap pads . I've tried several store brands and big brand names. These last as well as a Duracell and we're so much better priced.
5	Just enough batteries to fill all the remotes and have a few in reserve.And, hey, it's Amazon - you can't beat the price.
5	Dynamic Strong Battery.
5	Works great and cheaper than at big box stores! We have lots of frameless candles, so these are great
5	It's a whole crap load of Aa batteries. They make electricity happen. It's magic
5	If your looking for batteries of the future that are environmentally safe you need only look for NiZn batteries they put out more power and last much longer and are rechargeable. AGAIN THEY ARE ENVIRONMENTALY SAFE. Check out 1.6volt batteries NiZn.. much better battery then anything out there.!! DO your customers a favor and bring them up to date with new technology.. FACT!!!!!!!!!!PLEASE HELP THE ENVIRONMENT AND USE A MUCH BETTER BATTERY NiZn
5	These work as well as any big name brand batteries. I'm a heavy pc user since I work from home and I use a wireless mouse with my laptop. I can get weeks of use out of these without an issue. And even when the low battery light starts flashing on the mouse, I still get 2-3 days use out of them. Save your money, and buy these instead.
5	Why people buy batteries at the store any more is beyond me. The price on these can't be beat and they last as long as the name brand batteries. Even better they show up at your door, leaving you do spend time doing things you want to do.
5	Blown away by the affordability of these batteries. Even if they're slightly subpar in length of useful life, it's STILL a killer deal.
5	Even though there not bans brand batteries they last a while use two out of the pack and it's still going for about a month
5	Every battery had a voltage reading between 1.61 and 1.66v. Will update if the lifespan of these batteries is less than expected.
5	Ok people. Everyone knows how it is when you've run out of double A's. I added these to my subscribesave. They seem to last a fair amount of time (even in the game boy!). Every household needs a good stache of double A's hidden somewhere. The price is vey affordable too. Great buy.
5	batteries.. everybody need them.. these are everybit as good as duracell for half the price, better than energizer .... very satisfied I use them for professional audio and photography...
5	Everyone discusses the pros and cons of batteries. They lasted 1.2 hours less than brand A or .34 hours longer than brand B.Whatever. They're necessary. They're cheaper than some, more expensive than some. if you're buying 300 batteries a week.......Blah blah..... I have these in my flashlights. I have lots of flashlights. I don't have to go to the store. More than enough for a positive rating.
5	Proper sized (unlike generic batteries) with lots of power.
5	These batteries are sooo much cheaper than the name brands and function the exact same. I use a lot of batteries with my Xbox controller and saw no difference in battery life between these and name brands. Will absolutely buy more in the future
5	Exactly as described. I'll learn if they last or not.
5	Wonderful batteries! These batteries are great and last a long time.
5	Excelent
5	A great product! Why pay more for batteries when these work just fine and are cheap! Thanks Amazon!
5	Excellent
5	Excellent
5	Excellent
5	Excellent - not sure why I would ever pay more for batteries.
5	Excellent batteries. Can't complain! A lot cheaper than any other brands and you get the same good quality. Amazon doesn't disappoint.
5	Excellent set of batteries, very affordable, and comes with a nice packaging. I won't be buying batteries from retail stores anymore.
5	Great batteries and great price. Thanks Amazon (and by the way, if you're listening, please make an entire Amazon Basics store so Prime Members can shop in there exclusively).
5	Great price for batteries with exceptional performance and life.
5	i now use AA and AAA amazon batteries, great price, same quality as name brands.
5	The price is unbeatable! Never buying batteries at CVS agaun
5	These Amazon Basic batteries are just as good as the expensive name brand. I'll be buying these from now on.
5	Unbeatable for the price. Haven't tested in depth, but seem to last just as long as any name brand AA's.
5	Excellent for the price. I usually buy Duracell for the guys and their video game controllers -- these last just as long and saved us some .. came in a box that was great for storage and batteries were also vacuum packed by 4's inside the cardboard box. Will buy again
5	This is an excellent phone case. Five star sleek look and perfect fit.
5	Satisfied will reorder
5	They work great and come in excellent packaging!I can't vouch for their lifespan vs the big brands, since I haven't paid attention to how long my old batteries would last. It's at least comparable! Comparable enough that the discount on AmazonBasics batteries is definitely worthwhile!
5	Excellent Batteries
5	Good Price, excellent packaging, and the batteries last a long time in comparison with other brand batteries I have tried that only came with four in the pack for the same price! Will order these from now on from Amazon!!
5	Great batteries, great price!!
5	Great price and lasts just as long as leading brands of batteries.
5	Great product for its value. Amazon isn't doing things just because Amazon does things because they are needed by customers and this is just small example of that.
5	I shouldn't be since it's amazon. But there as good as name brands. I'll buy from now on. Save unselfish money
5	Put 4 of these in my handheld scanner 2 weeks ago, still going strong. I normally leave it on between 1 to 3 hours at a time. To say I'm beyond impressed is an understatement. Out of normal alkaline batteries, I was getting at best 2 or 3 days.
5	Superior to Dura C batteries. I compared new batteries of each brand in the same flashlight. Amazon batteries were brighter.
5	These are done long lasting batteries. They work great
5	These batteries work great!!!
5	Works as described
5	You can never have too many batteries. These last a long time.
5	These batteries are most likely made by a third party with some experience in manufacturing private label. They are well made, lasts long (cannot tell significant difference between these and the brand name ones). I also like the convenience of having them shipped to me as I don't relish shopping for batteries at physical stores. Made in Indonesia.
5	Throw away all my generic batteries and replaced with these. 48-Pack came in a nice carton box with 4-pcs. battery in each plastic wrap. Used in remote controllers, game controllers, mouse, automatic spray air fresheners, LED flashlights and camping lanterns, clocks, wall lamps, and other devices. Excellent batteries for the price.
5	Excellent batteries with a long shelf-life.
5	Excellent batteries, at a good price.
5	Love the product and the price.Batteries work great. I love that I can keep extras on hand. Batteries come in either brown sturdy box or plastic box.
5	These work great. Inexpensive, and from a name you can trust!
5	Excellent batteries! Last just as long if not longer than the name brands. These are what I'll be purchasing from now on.
5	I needed AAA batteries and it's going to be a while before I get to Costco to get some. I was buying something else on Amazon and decided to get some batteries, to give it a chance. They arrived in 2 days, they were well packaged and sealed, and most importantly, they work great, they hold a charge well, I am very pleased. Excellent batteries.
5	They're definitely good batteries! What a bargain. I recommend this if you have a lot of AAA toys.
5	AA batteries- good quality can't beat the value.
5	Excellent batteries. Long lasting in small MP3 player.
5	using them in our trail cam, excellent battery life
5	These are your standard AA batteries that are very similar to most other AA batteries you will find at most stores. The energy output is quite similar however the price on Amazon is a lot cheaper than what you can find in the store. For that reason I really like using these batteries from Amazon Basics. They are cheap and they last an acceptable amount of time for a cheap battery.Dimensions and close-ups can be seen in the photos I have attached to the review.Included in this set are 48 batteries that are shrink wrapped in groups of 4.Pros:*Good amount of power output*Last an acceptable amount of time*Awesome priceCons:*NoneAdditional Considerations:These batteries are not rechargeable. They are one-time use. If you need a rechargeable battery you will need to look elsewhere.Overall: 5/5 stars (.5 rounds up, .5 rounds down) 5 starsIf you have any further questions regarding the product in my review please leave a comment below and I will get back to you as soon as possible.
5	These work just as well as the top battery brands.
5	Excellent cells for the price range. From what I see, they are as good as Duracells and that is all I ever used to use.The packaging is amazing. Only in China can they still pack in cardboard boxes that surround the package like this.I am not doing any testing, other than use in low powered items like wireless mice, keyboards, wall clocks and the like. That's all I need them for. These cells meet those requirements and that's all I care about. For high volume stuff I use NiMHs, but you just can't beat the price. I am finding that many of the Amazon basics products are a hit. I have bought several things and all have worked just as good or better than the higher priced competition. Good job Amazon.
5	Great value
5	Worth the money. Used these batteries while camping for two weeks and they are still working great. They will probably be used at home or used again next year during our camping adventure.
5	Best deal I have found!
5	Excellent batteries, I couldn't believe how inexpensive they were. I will continue to purchase Amazon batteries from now on. I use these in my video gaming controller daily and they last for a long time. Very happy that I purchased these and would recommend to anyone!
5	Nice and fresh, dated 10 years out! I use these in everything, should last a long time.
5	Excellent item! Works great and is exactly as pictured in the description
5	I've used these as a replacement for the nearly double in price of Duracell batteries. These last just as long as the Duracell batteries - a minute or two does not make a difference as my devices are on 24/7 - especially when these batteries are half the price! I have not had any leak, whether they were in their package or in any devices. The expiration dates on every shipment I've had so far have averaged 9 years with some 10 years from when I received them. This means they are fresh (recently made) and haven't been sitting around on a warehouse shelf for long. I like the green circular negative (-) indicator with the check mark (tick) on the side. Makes for quick installation in poor light. Excellent value and excellent performance!
5	Excellent power and price. You can't beat this deal on high quality batteries. Even the club warehouse prices for their own store brands are more expensive than these.They provide more than adequate power for everything we've used them for.They work very good for small flashlights too.Seriously. You are not going to find a better deal for high quality, reliable alkaline batteries anywhere.
5	Like most people I use tons of batteries. The super high price and hassle of the marketing and nomenclature of buying them at the store is removed by buying these Amazon battery packs. More and more I am realizing that when possible it's a good idea to go with the 'Amazon Basics' products (especially for items like batteries). Certainly there are premium batteries that I have trusted for years and will continue to purchase. But I have found no difference between these Amazon batteries and my favorite other brands. So instead of buying 2 or 5 packs of batteries while waiting to check out in the store think about getting a realistic quantity of excellent batteries for half the price (maybe not half, but certainly less than name brands).
5	WORK GREAT
5	Excellent price and they last for a long time. Have not had one leak either, like the other brand I use to use.
5	I haven't tested the duration of the power from the battery, but the price, quality of shipping, quality it of the batteries are Excellent.
5	I have used inexpensive dollar store batteries in the past. I became curious about the actual performance data of cheap vs. name brand batteries, and discovered that essentially you pay approximately the same amount per unit of power, regardless of battery (with the exception of lithium ion which cost more per unit of power). Also, I noticed that the cheap batteries did not work as well as name brand with my automatic wine bottle opener. So, if I am going to pay the same amount of unit power per battery, why not get the ones I have to change the leastI was pleasantly surprised to find these amazon basics batteries at a cost per battery that is significantly lower than name brands, but with similar performance characteristics as the name brands. Assuming the marketing information is accurate, these batteries should last a long time, and not cost much. This is an ideal combination in my opinion.
5	Excellent price, and they are long-lasting batteries. I have no interest in purchasing batteries from anywhere else from now on.
5	Good price, good quality and shipping time much less expensive than at the local drugstore. will buy again..
5	Excellent batteries, work well, price is right. Cannot tell difference between these and the name brand.
5	EXCELLENT PRODUCT
5	this is a Excellent Productis everything as expectedfits all the i need from a product like this one
5	My husband uses these batteries in his insulin pump. He was buying expensive brand name batteries because he thought they would last longer. I ordered these AmazonBasics for him and it is a great buy. As far as lasting, they last as long, if not longer, than the name brand batteries. I would say to anyone who is thinking of getting these batteries, you will not go wrong with them. Try them and see what you think. This is the battery we will be buying from now on.
5	Fresh batteries with excellent shelf life and in use duration -- superb price
5	Excellent product for the price
5	EXCELLENT PRODUCT,GREAT QUALITY AND VALUE
5	Excellent product!!! Last long, no problems.
5	Excellent purchase, especially for the price. 2 toddlers in the house make batteries a commodity item. There are excellent reviews that compare AmazonBasics to the usual battery brands. I highly suggest you read them to see that there really isn't a difference and since the price is so much lower these are a no brainer.
5	Excellent quality
5	Tested and performed as good or better than the leading brands. I have many Amazon Basic products from micro USB chargers to HDMI cables and all are excellent quality. You would be crazy not to buy these. Amazon for President
5	I've been using these batteries for awhile now, and I'm very happy with their performance. The quality and the price are top notch!
5	These batteries work just as well as the name brand batteries at the fraction of the cost. This battery pack bundle is reasonably priced and last very long. I purchased the triple AAA battery bundle as well because of how well these performed.
5	This is the 2nd time I've ordered these batteries. They work every bit as well as the big name brands, and for the price, you can't beat the value. I will continue to use AmazonBasics batteries in my house- I cannot recommend them enough!
5	These work just as well as any other brand and here I am several months later with a nice stock of batteries. The price/value of this pack cannot be beat.
5	These really do last a long time. I have bought them more than once and will again. Definitely recommend.
5	These AmazonBasics AA batteries are a phenomenal value for the quality you get! The batteries last quite a long time and they're well worth the price you pay.We go through batteries at my house like they're going out of style, so finding a bulk amount for a reasonable price was a bit difficult. These batteries solved my problem with that. It was a great purchase, and I recommend them for you folks out there that go through batteries quickly. You'll find that to not be the case with these.
5	I find these batteries are reliable and work consistently to satisfaction. I use them in remote controls, thermometers, alarms and wireless devices. I will continue to buy these batteries.
5	excellent value, seem to be excellent batteries and extra leak protection makes them even better, I will buy more
5	These work perfectly in every application I've needed them for. They have so far lasted just as long as the copper tops I usually buy at a significant price savings.
5	Why buy batteris at the drug or grocery store for relatively high prices when to can get large amounts more cheaply Thesed are nicely priced and as good as any national brand!
5	Good batteries, i got a 20 pack of the AA batteries. Batteries indicate good through date of 2026!Good life, bright in flashlights also. I will purchase these again, i consider them an excellent value and a great buy!
5	Great value product!
5	With some reservations these appear to be excellent batteries. I replaced some Duracell batteries in several LED flashlights with these and the light was much brighter with Amazon batteries (side by side testing, two identical flashlights). I am impressed. On the down side, the date (I supposed expiration date of shelf life) is almost impossible to read without a magnifying glass. It is very readable on Duracell batteries. These were 2025 dated, so obviously they are 10 years out, and that's very good, will surely use them up long before then. The packaging is simple, but more or less necessitates a container to store them as they will just fall all over the drawer once opened. In hard to read print on the batteries it says made in Indonesia. Not Japan as some reviews had thought might be the country of origin. BTW -- the Duracells AAA's I removed from my flashlight leaked badly and ruined the (expensive) flashlight. Therefore I am sticking with Amazon batteries for now.
5	Excellent...
5	This is a great deal and I will certainly order again!
5	Good price. Haven't thoroughly tested yet. I like the NO LEAK reviewd
5	I cannot believe what a great deal these are!!! These work just as well as any other name brand battery. I have a two-year-old and therefore we go through a LOT of batteries for his toys. I will never buy any other battery again!!!
5	facemask
5	Fantastic batteries for a fantastic price! High quality. Shipping was super fast as I received them the next day after ordering. Happy customer
5	Five stars.They all worked, there were lots of them, and they didn't cost a lot.I like that they are packaged four per set in the big box, so there weren't just batteries EVERYWHERE!
5	I didn't even know amazon made batteries until I worked at an event where there were remote control cars for kids to play with and these batteries lasted a long time. In a 5 hour period I think we only went through 2 sets of batteries per car.. and these things were running non stop! That sold me on their quality, so I bought a box for the house!
5	Fantastic batteries. I used to buy all of ours from big box stores in bulk. These are a much better price and last just as long as the other brands. Now I buy them all from Amazon!
5	This is a great buy! Shop compare. I will definitely reorder. I have already recommended to friends.
5	Really great product. Tons of batteries and for super cheap. I haven't had any of these die on me yet but even if they last only half of other brands it's still a really great buy. Super happy.
5	It was so convenient to purchase the batteries along with the device I bought for Christmas that needed the battery. It shipped right along with the gift.
5	I love stocking up on batteries at this price. Amazon, you've done a great job supplying the masses with inexpensive batteries
5	I was skeptical at first of these batteries because they were so much cheaper then most but we have been using them exclusively for several months and they last just as long as other name brands
5	These batteries have performed just as well as the expensive ones with the super fancy space age look to them.
5	These batteries rock, and they last a long time and are way cheaper than other batteries.
5	These seem as good as top-tier brands and models.Using these on professional audio equipment... the equipment ran the same amount of time.I think the only difference, is they are vastly less expensive.
5	Am amazed at how well I'm loving your batteries, Amazom. I have been a loyal Duracell buyer, but find yours are not cost way less, but last longer. Would give them 10 stars if you allowed me.
5	Fast delivery of product as advertised.
5	Fast delivery. So far light up well. Hope that it will last long.
5	Started drinking the tea a week ago and already see results. Fast shipping and great quality, unlike the store bought teas. Loving it!!!
5	One of my all-time favorite coffee flavors. Extremely smooth with no tangy aftertaste.
5	Finally decent batteries at an even more decent price. Will definitely be coming back when I run out. Only thing I'd change is the packaging, but I'd rather the price stay where it is as the packaging isn't that big of a deal
5	good price
5	Works as expected from a battery. Would buy again.
5	Good product at a great price.
5	Just as described.Fine product.
5	Work great fast delivery good price
5	They are fine as far as I can tell. (These are probably a private label version of a major brand.) I am counting on the Amazon brand in assuming they are identical to batteries from other brands. Good price, of course. The 5 stars really reflect my trust of Amazon.
5	ya....fine .....I mean its a battery .....How long they gonna last
5	First time purchase. I have just started using them. Seem to be a quality product. I will have to see how long they last.
5	They work so no complaints here!
5	As stated in other posts I've made, time will tell the real story. For now they work fine.
5	For the price you can't beat these. I have never had any issues with them. They last long and work well.
5	I've stopped buying regular batteries (AA, AAA, etc...) anywhere but Amazon.For the price, these are unbeatable for standard alkaline batteries.Especially with toddler toys....batteries come and go, fast.
5	For the price, unbeatable.
5	It's not a high discharge battery, but for typical uses such wireless mouse and flashlights, these are great.
5	For years I purchased regular brand name batteries from local retailers. As these seemed to be a deal I purchased a pack. They seem to work just as well as the name-brands, just at a cheaper cost.
5	Found these here before Christmas, and decided to order for our children's toys that required batteries. Can't beat the price for the amount you get, they work as expected, and long lasting. In my opinion the box they come in is extremely convenient compared to other battery packaging.
5	Batteries are working great at the fraction of the cost of name brand batteries!
5	All of the AmazonBasic batteries are great. i am stockpiling all sizes because i can afford to at this price and having these at the ready is highly pleasing to me the neat freak. i also suspect these are fresher than ones you pick up at other stores that have perhaps been in their warehouses for a period of time. i got some from such a source and nothing powered up and then when replaced with AmazonBasic batteries my battery candles lit right up. Great Buy and in good quantity.
5	batteries are fresh
5	At about a quarter apiece you can't beat these batteries. EXPIRATION DATE: I bought these in NOV of 2016 and they expire in 2026.AmazonBasics AA Performance Alkaline Batteries (48-Pack) - Packaging May Vary
5	Batteries are holding up well with my battery operated LED candles.
5	They are in my new motion sensing closet light, and they light up nicely.
5	Great performance great price.
5	I have several packs of Amazon basic batteries, and they do the job. They are not high end batteries, but they do exactly what they are advertised to do. All of the ones I've used or tested were fully charged and worked great.
5	Great buy
5	great value..
5	Great. Batteries
5	Works great. All I use now. Order a big pack of these
5	These are great batteries and they are real light on the pocket book compared to other National brands!
5	Amazing price, amazing quality
5	Batteries are holding up great
5	I will never not buy batteries from Amazon in bulk again! Cheapest price for a ton of batteries! I feel like I'll never run out!
5	Great batteries, great price. Gotta love Amazon!
5	The amount you get is better paid for the quantity and quality you get from like target or another store.I personally love it and haven't really made a dent into it :)
5	They work well. They dont last as long as duracell or energizer, but do seem to work as well if not better than most store brand batteries. They are about the same price as the store brand batteries and shipped for free. Makes them a better value in my book.
5	Great batteries for a great price.
5	Recommended by Gina.
5	girlfriend is diabetic and this pack will charge her pump all year. life saving product and last longer than duracell.
5	they work
5	I was impressed how well these work and how poorly some of the brand names don't. Glad I got them!
5	Although I've not been able to compare the longevity of these batteries compared to the ones I used to get, I am impressed. I've had no leaks, the thin cardboard box is easy to remove and less wasteful, and I LOVE that I can store them in a drawer in the simple plastic shrink wrap of the inner packaging. It can make them a little harder to dig out of a busy drawer, but it means they take up far less room in the drawer. Very convenient.
5	For the price,they are well worth it.
5	Can not complain, they arrived on time, I'm not expecting them to last too long, but I needed batteries for some toys, so.
5	Always work great.
5	Found no difference from brand name batteries. Lasts just as long, easier to manage packaging, and it's almost one third of the price.
5	Are as good as any on market and price is better.
5	Been using them for flameless candles Work well.
5	Get tired of running out of batteries. Hope these last a while. Good product
5	good
5	Good
5	Good
5	Good
5	Good batteries
5	good batteries good price
5	Good quality
5	Great batteries
5	Great value batteries.
5	I purchased these batteries hoping they could hold their own amongst my other portable powered devices. Low and behold, I put these in a talking teddy bear and it proceeded to beat up the Energizer powered bunny in my house.
5	JUST AS EXPECTED
5	Just as expected. Seems to work as good as other brands.
5	No explosions so far
5	Packaged well. Good bargain
5	Perfect. easy. come in a cardboard box. 4 batteries to a small pack/in plastic.
5	Strong good batteries.
5	They are good batteries and they last a good amount of time. Don't have any complaints.
5	They work just like the ones you buy at Walmart.
5	This team that ranks well for low energy
5	Very happy with the product, good durability, shipment without any problems.Recommend this product without any doubt.
5	Work like it should.
5	Works great, good price.
5	works well, good choice
5	Great batteries. Good to have some spare AAs around.
5	I like the amazon batteries and they have different sizes and quantities to order. I'm satisfied with the length of time they last and the price is OK also.
5	8/25/16 Very neatly packaged in an especially excessively packaged cardboard box - The batteries arrived as shown in a very protective box. The batteries themselves fit slots designed for AAA batteries - Duh ! The price and Amazon convenience make a perfect deal.I'll report their durability in my temperature and humidity sensors in a few months.
5	Seems like I have had several recent needs for AAA batteries. This should keep me in stock for awhile.
5	Good quality. I'll buy again.
5	Used in various devices without a problem. Long lasting and a good price! Will buy again.
5	Great batteries at a good price very convenient to get.
5	Good batteries, good price. No issues.
5	I received what was advertise, which is pretty good.
5	I always need batteries and always find myself looking for them or going out to buy some. I use them, as I'm sure most people do, primarily for household items as clocks, remotes and fire alarms. I ordered an assortment of sizes and found they last as long as any other battery I use in these common items. Yes, even as long as Duracell and Energizer. I haven't tried them in items such as flashlights or RC devices as most of the ones I have are rechargeables anyway. They come packaged neatly so I can store them for easy access and I don't have torn to the store. I have found every Amazon Bascis purchases has been of Quite good quality.
5	Perform comparably to Duracell, Energizer. I only buy name brand, so it is significant that I'm happy with these.
5	GOOD BATTERIES... GOOD AS THE MAIN BRANDS AT 1/2 THE PRICE!!!
5	nothing but good luck with the Amazon Basics Alkalines.
5	Always looking for AA batteries, controllers for Xbox seem to need a lot of batteries. Nice packaging, too.
5	These are batteries, so you really can't write much about them - looks just like the picture (LOL) they work... and really, the highlight about them is that it's from Amazon, so it's easy to return if you don't want them... but also, for this bulk quantity, it was also a very good bargain for how many pairs of batteries you're getting versus buying from a store in person.
5	Good batteries. Have not had any problems with them. They come very nicely packaged with Amazon's fustration free box.
5	Not bad... in testing these.... they didn't last quite as long as Duracell Copper top, but not bad. Great for regular products, flashlights, clocks, toys and what have you. If you have heavy drain, audio equipment I would still recommend a Duracell. Everything else.... these are fine.
5	Amazon labeled batteries are always excellent.
5	As described, never had a problem with Amazon batteries!
5	Can't complain. They seem fully comparable to name brand AA batteries.
5	Excellent batteries at a food price
5	Good batteries
5	Good batteries, they work as batteries should. They perform the function of a battery quite well.
5	Good batteries, what else is there to say
5	Good batteries.
5	Good expiration time and they work great. Always impressed with AmazonBasics Batteries because the price is fair.
5	Good price good batteries .. 2nd time buying Amazon basic batteries .. Will buy more ....
5	Good quality batteries at an affordable price. The batteries are long lasting with good performance.
5	Great alkaline batteries
5	Great price, great product
5	I buy Amazon Bacic batteries all the time. They last just as long as the leading competitors.
5	I purchased these mainly for my remote controls. It's been several months and they are still strong.
5	No complaints, seem to work as well as other brands
5	ProsGood valueWorks as expectedAppropriate batter lifeConsNone!
5	Seem to work fine.
5	Seems like fairly good batteries. Not sure if they're better or longer lasting than popular brands but they work fine for how I use them which is with some LED motion detecting lights.
5	The batteries work just fine. We seem to use quite a few.
5	These are good batteries. I have ordered them before. They work like other alkaline batteries. They also do not leak. I will order them again.
5	these are good cheap batteries. Seem to last just as long as the big name brands
5	These batteries are just as good as any name brand
5	These batteries seem as long lasting as a certain copper topped variety I have used in the past. Maybe longer lasting. Regardless, they came to my door quickly when I needed them.
5	These batteries work perfectly fine and last as long as advertised. I will be buying again.
5	These seem to work as well as any name brand batteries. I'll be ordering more.
5	These work just as well as the well known brands. I am glad Amazon offers a economical alternative.
5	These work just fine. Have them in my flashlight and beard trimmer and they last. Definitely gonna keep buying these.
5	They are triple-A batteries that come in a small, plain cardboard box and are shrink-wrapped in plastic. I can't speak for the life. They are currently in my calculator, and have done a good job so far.
5	They're batteries. Excellent price and they work well. Will purchase again
5	Very good batteries for price than major competing brands.
5	Will purchase again anytime I need batteries.
5	Works good.
5	Works great and lasts long
5	Good batteries and a good deal.
5	Seem to be as good as any and the price is better.
5	Would buy again and again. Made using my bose QC15 that much cheaper!
5	Love the convenience of this, good batteries. Will be reordering.
5	They seem to work as well as Duracell batteries. ie. Very good.
5	They're batteries. They work and last about as long as I'd expect. They were a good price. All in all a good buy.
5	Good batteries a good price
5	Arrived quickly, batteries work great. I like the way they are packaged, easy to store.
5	Outlast many and are as good as Duracell's in remotes and such.How long they last on the shelf is not something that I can evaluate this soon. But they test the same as new Duracells.
5	I was pleased to see they are each marked with an approximately 10 year shelf life.
5	Batteries were cheap and work just as good as other name brands. I will only buy these from now on for most of my electronics.
5	Good batteries for a good price. I just got them before Christmas, and I used them in battery operated lights. They worked really well, lights were bright but they didn't last. I don't think it was the battery but the lights. I'll stick to a 5 start until i feel that they didn't work with anything else
5	Great price and so far great quality! I haven't had them long enough to say if they last as long as other brands but so far so good!!!
5	I am impressed with the quality of these batteries. They last as long as expected in comparison to other brands. I am constantly needing good batteries for my childrens electronic toys and my husbands various gadgets, so it is great that these come in a pack of twenty. This is a thrifty way to get quality batteries, especially when I go through so many in just a short amount of time. They are packaged in a small, cardboard box, which can be opened and closed. This is great for storage and accessibility. I would recommend these batteries for sure. They are exactly what I was looking for. I will most likely be purchasing these again very soon.
5	Great batteries for the price. Item is as described. Please keep in mind these are not lithium batteries so they won't last as long as lithium batteries. Product was delivered in 2 days with Prime membership.
5	For the price these batteries works as good as name branded batteries. I would compare these to Ray-O-Vac, but NOT Duracell!
5	This a a large package of batteries! I use a lot of batteries in my remotes all through the house and these amazonbasics batteries do a great job of powering up all my small tech gadgets.
5	Buying batteries is a bummer, Amazon makes it less painful. we like to keep a lot on hand as just about everything takes a aa battery. I haven't noticed any difference between these and the more expensive brand. money saved is a win!
5	Delivery as expected. Good batteries so far.
5	So far I am very happy!
5	Good batteries. I especially liked the way they were packaged. Shrink wrapped in groups of four and in a re-sealable cardboard box that perfectly fit the quantity of batteries.
5	I was expecting less performance giving that these are the cheapest batteries I can find but I'm pleasantly surprised with the life of these batteries.
5	Works great, packaging was convenient too.
5	good batteries
5	These batteries are always good for me, the price tends to be the best for good batteries and the quality has consistently been good.
5	These batteries seem to be good quality and were a very good price.
5	These batteries work just as well as any name brand, and at a really nice price point. The thing I like most is that they come in a box, not that impossible plastic packaging that slices your finger open if you look at the wrong way.
5	I am pleasantly surprised with the Amazon Basics batteries. They seem to stack up with the name brand batteries just fine. Dollar for dollar, that makes Amazon Basics a winner! The best surprise of all is the absolute genius way of packaging the batteries. The box is perfect! I no longer need to dedicate a container because of the cardboard box that they are shipped in works great!
5	I'm a huge fan of AmazonBasics items and these AAA batteries are no exception. They seem to be of equal quality (as far as I can tell) to the big brands. They seem to be long lasting. Best of all, with the Amazon name on them you know that the company will stand behind the product. Batteries have gotten so darn expensive but these are actually a good price for a great item.
5	As expected, good batteries, great value, not much else to say.
5	Great packaging. Affordable. So far so good on endurance.
5	I have always had good luck with Amazon Basic batteries. They last as long as top of the line batteries, so why bother paying twice as much Thanks Amazon for scads of batteries at a reasonable price.
5	A lot of batteries that seem to work as well as the name brands and at a reasonable price. Plus, I love the package. Even though it's just a cardboard box, I no longer have to worry about all of my batteries dumping out everywhere!
5	Good battery product! Big saver!
5	Surprisingly great batteries, replaced Duracell as my go to for battery packs.
5	These seem to last as long as the name brand batteries I used to use in my remotes so I'll be buying them again.
5	They work!
5	Great set of batteries no complaints and long lasting!
5	Best batteries I bought this year.
5	Cheap, good batteries.
5	Don't be put off by the brand. These things work fine.
5	Good batteries. Used to buy all my batteries at Sam's Club, but I bought some from Amazon and have switched to Amazons. They take up less space with they way they are packaged versus those at Sam's. The Amazon ones work well. I've gotten duds from Sam's. I'll continue to buy Amazon's.
5	Great price. The batteries have lasted just as long as any other brand. Will buy again.
5	Lots of batteries for a good price. Heavy alkaline. Not much more can be said.
5	No complaints so far!
5	Product arrived on time. Good batteries.
5	These are batteries. They work as expected and are at a great price.
5	Very good batteries. Bought them for my thermostat that controls my wall heater. Works as good as Duracell or Eveready. Would recommend.
5	Very good batteries. Seem to last as long as other brands that I've tried and can't beat the price.
5	Good batteries. Unable to do a side by side comparison, but they seem to be as good as other name brand batteries.
5	Great
5	Never thought I would buy battery from amazon brand. But everything seems good. good battery here.
5	The batteries perform well for everyday use.
5	works well
5	Good battery for low price
5	Great product for the price.
5	Works well. Good battery life. Great savings.
5	The batteries seem to be working great so far.
5	These are perfect for the battery-hungry race cars and tracks we bought our grandson for Christmas! Great pricing as well.
5	Great now I can't find anything that's needs them
5	Pretty much the best price i've seen for AA alkaline batts. I use them for flashlights and also for radios. They come packaged in a nice simple cardboard box and not blister pack.
5	Work great, love the packaging!
5	As described
5	best way to buy
5	Excellent price for these batteries.
5	Good batteries at a good price.
5	Good buy
5	Good buy will buy again!
5	Good deal for a lot of batteries. Definitely worth the money
5	Great value
5	Great!!
5	I have two kids under 3 years old. These work well in their toys
5	Really good .sending to me just 1day .and really much stuff for this price.
5	Solid batteries.
5	These batteries work as well and as long as any other that I have purchased.
5	these batteries work just fine and reasonably priced
5	They work better than dollar store batteries.
5	They work well and a lot less costly when purchased in this way.
5	Use I all my cameras at deer plots and feeders.
5	Will give it 5 stars because of the price. I will update later if batteries do not last long. Looking for technical info sorry, that is not me.
5	Great product... A+A+A+A+
5	No issues with the batteries
5	I always forget to buy batteries at the store. So easy to buy on Amazon. Changed all my batteries on my devices and everything is working great again.
5	Work very well, works well for a family that goes thru batteries quickly!
5	Great price for the batteries. Need these all of the time with just about all the things in my house. Lasts pretty long too!
5	I keep a bag hanging in my pantry of all sizes of batteries (just one of my things). These AmazonBasics have held their own along with some more expensive brands. Haven't tested them one on one with other brands, but haven't noticed replacing these more often.
5	These are good cells. I haven't had time to run them down yet, sso no thoughts on life expectancy
5	I love amazon basic batteries. I use these in TV remotes and a couple small LED flashlights. They perform just like other budget batteries and last longer in my lights. My battery box is now full of amazon basic batteries.
5	I have been very happy with the Amazon batteries that I have purchased - both in this size and in D and C.
5	All I can say, for now, is they were delivered as promised, look good work well (so far). I think this is a good deal.
5	Batteries work well. Seems like a shorter charge than a duracell or energizer but for the price its worth it. Batteries will be changed a little more often but it seems to end up cheaper in the long run. Either way I am happy
5	GOOD DEAL
5	Good deal. bought to use in my COnair Defuzzer-clothing shaver.
5	Good price and fairly long lasting.
5	Great deal price per battery
5	great value and product
5	I use these in every thing in the house. They last just as long as the name brand batties.
5	Inexpensive, and they last as long as the pricey ones. I wish Amazon had a bigger pack of assorted batteries.
5	Lowest priced good functioning batteries.
5	Originally bought batteries from Walmart.com''...their store brand...BOGUS, BUMMER, not good...ugh....Then saw these, bought them and they are great, they last a reasonable time and the price is right...Thank you Amazon.
5	these batteries are fine and a great deal here on amazon versus purchasing in store
5	They are batteries.........
5	They work and are cheaper than warehouse prices.
5	We have these on auto order as my household uses batteries like they are going out of style. Great for the Xbox to remotes. They seem to last as long as any of the other name brand batteries.
5	Who couldn't use a good supply of AA batteries. And, it makes a lot more sense than buying them 4 at a time at the convenience drug or grocery store. They are as good as any brand I have ever purchased in the past.
5	Work great in my children's video game controllers last just as well as the name brand batteries
5	work just as well as brand name for a better price
5	Worked as expected. Fast shipping.
5	These batteries work great.
5	With children's toys were were burning through batteries quicker than I ever thought possible! So we needed a bulk supply. I didn't expect much from a generic brand. But these batteries are just as good as Duracell or energizer.
5	Good batteries for my Christmas lights. I like the fact that I can recycle them after they run out.
5	Super deal, and work great.
5	Will update but no issues so far. Good deal on batteries.
5	Great price!
5	These batteries are a great deal - comparable to warehouse retailers' prices. While I did not do extensive capacity tests or anything like that, they have met my expectations and I will be purchasing AmazonBasics batteries again. As a member of the military and a college student, I need many different batteries for everything - calculators, flashlights, gadgets, etc. The convenience and price point makes these a deal I can't pass up.
5	Good deal. 48 for the price of 6 in a big box store. They seem to be fresh and have a good charge. I'm not sure how long they will hold up, but for the price, it's all good. I'm going to order a few different sizes if these last in my mag lite. (It gets used a lot....that's my test.)
5	Great deal on batteries.
5	I go through a lot of batteries, so for this price, these are a good deal. They are lasting a good deal of time and I would buy them again.
5	One of the best deals out there for batteries! Comes in a nice box for organized storage and future use
5	Such an amazing deal for the price. Shipping was fast. I went with these batteries because the price for the amount of batteries you get is just superb.
5	These are great batteries at a phenomenal price and the way I go through batteries, a great help!!
5	Work well. Price was right.
5	Batteries work well and are priced appropriately. I would buy them again and I do recommend them
5	Great batteries.
5	Great price . Working out well.
5	Nice, well packaged.
5	Good deal.
5	OK, I bought them in February 2016, I put the box of batteries in the storage compartment of my truck. They have sat in high Heat, extreme Cold elements for over half a year. I finally ran out of my other pricey batteries and decided to try these. I did not expect great results from them sitting in bad conditions for so long but they have surprised me. These must be a relabeled high dollar battery because none are off voltage or failing to perform as new.
5	It serves its purpose.
5	These are basic AA batteries that get the job done. They may be cheaper than Duracell or energizer but they do not last as long in my experience. So you must decide if you prefer quality over price... I would buy these again because they are good enough for me. Much like most of the amazon basics product line, these hold up and if there's an issue, amazon will let you return them.
5	As a rule, it's hard to tell the difference between one alkaline battery and another. Pull the Duracells out, and put in Everyready Alkaline Energizer, and you won't notice any difference in performance. Fifty years ago, freshness was a big factor, but alkaline has a long shelf life. These alkaline AAs are indistinguishable from most brands.In a way, that's a shame. The copper-top Duracells make it easy to avoid putting in new batteries upside down.On the other hand, the packaging excels. Instead of a brick of loose batteries, sets of 4 batteries are shrunk together, making it easier to avoid loosing loose batteries, without consuming the space that the big cards with their bubbles consume. The 4-packs are in a corrugated cardboard box that looks llike it will last long enough for the purpose.These are enougfh batteries here to last me a long while. I'll be needing AAA batteries soon, though, so I'll order them in a month or two.
5	basic battery. very basic, good for basic people.
5	Long lasting batteries for my deer cam, compare to name brand batteries for way less money.
5	Good price. I didn't notice any super long-lasting abilities. Just your typical battery.
5	Good deal that why I bought it, you should buy it too.
5	I love how cheap these are and how quickly they can be at my door. Ill never buy batteries at the store again. I haven't noticed that they run out faster than other brands. They have been pretty reliable. Great for everyday use around the house.
5	They last a while and are cheap. What more could you want
5	Appear to last as long or longer than others.
5	Nice price and works well.
5	Can always use these batteries. Great buy for so many.
5	AAA batteries, for generic batteries these seem to last a long time.
5	Lots of batteries for cheap. I'm not a battery aficionado but they seem to do the job. I would buy them again.
5	Good batteries, seem to be just as good as other named brands.
5	I was reluctant to buy these because I always buy name brand batteries, bit these are really good and work well
5	Just as good as other battery brand names but at a better price!
5	Ought these because of the price and quantity. So far we haven't had any duds and they are working great! None have corrosion either. We are storing them in the laundry room to ensure temperature control and so far feel that the quality is comparable to name brands.
5	Bought these for little race cars for my grandson. He goes through those batteries like crazy! So I thought I'd try the Amazon basics ones. Why not Great price! I have not been disappointed.
5	Honestly, I can't think of a time when I thought batteries of any brand were bad. I haven't run rigorous tests on these batteries but I put some in a remote and in some motion sensing lights and they're still going strong.I like the idea of Amazon branded products. It makes sense that you trust Amazon to sell good products from other sellers so why not get something straight from the source. It just seems natural that they would start putting the Amazon name on products.Overall this is a good amount of batteries for the price. I can't think of anything negatives, like I said, they're batteries.
5	Good long lasting batteries
5	I wish I needed more of these! I would buy one in every color......ery functiomal for small spaces. Backless feature is key for small bedroom desk chair.
5	Very reasonably priced.Now buying all Amazon Basics Batteries.Good Luck
5	good price and they work just as well as the major brands so far.
5	Good batteries to buy in bulk. We have security lights that eat batteries so it's nice to have a supply on hand.
5	Fully functional and seem to keep charge as well as one would hope batteries would. They came in a brown cardboard box which was actually really helpful for storing, and removing a couple without having batteries go everywhere.
5	Typical AA cell. Good per unit price.
5	decent battery for the price. Mostly I use rechargeable batteries. Until I found out my kids were throwing them away because rechargeable's look too similar to the alkaline cousins. So, for the everyday item that eat the better majority of a batteries life these do the job. For those items I change maybe once every 6 months, I use rechargeable,
5	what can you say, good price, good performance, smart packaging and quick delivery, a winner for me and with these multipacks there is always some batteries when you need them
5	Works perfectly for a phone with a loopy case. Good placement options for using maps.
5	Can't beat the price...
5	Good as the big brands.
5	Good price
5	good price
5	Good price. They work.
5	These are batteries. They power things.
5	Need aa batteries. Good price and good batteries
5	Good price and they seem to last as well as the premium brands, though I have not done any controlled tests to prove that statement.
5	Good price and they worked out fine.
5	These are available at a good price and come in handy for rounding out orders to make free shipping minimums. So far they seem to last as long as the name brand products.
5	I have ordered and used several times C, D, AA, AAA and 9V AmazonBasics batteries and they have all been very dependable and durable. Now a huge AmazonBasics Product Line Fan!
5	Work just like any other batteries, except they're cheaper!
5	Great batteries, so far no problems.
5	I accidentally got a AAA when I need a AA but that's okay. These came to use and they are long lasting. Good price for the quantity and quality.
5	Good price for utilitarian batteries. Have not had time to see how long they last vs the more expensive ones.
5	I go through a lot of batteries in my shop at least 4 everyday and I can't tell any difference between these or the name brand
5	Good price to performance.
5	good price work fine
5	So far so good--and no problems anticipated!I really like the packaging--groups of 4 in plastic wrappers makes them easy to maintain in the package.
5	Good price, and as advertised.
5	I now gots tha power. Good price, decent batts.
5	Cant beat these for the price and seem to last as long as the copper top batteries in my TV controller.
5	Good price, performing fine so far in all applications I have used them in. Satisfied.
5	Well they haven't blown up yet. Good price, long lasting. I honestly have very little criteria for batteries besides cost vs life and these seem to be exhibiting the correct ratio for my sensibilities.
5	Perfect, great price, love it!
5	Work as well as any name brand batteries I have used. They are not the cheapest batteries, but they actually work as well as name brand batteries which is something most discount batteries cannot do.
5	Good price, work like any others.
5	Doesnt get any simpler than this! Always have batteries! Good price!
5	Good price, last long!
5	Good price. So far, so good!
5	Seem to perform well. Good price!
5	works well with my baby's toys. good price!
5	Good Price! Good quality!
5	Good price! They seem to work just as well as any name brand battery I could pick up around town...
5	Very good batteries.
5	good price. convenient packaging. it fits nicely in my double secret emergeny backup supply kit for storms and zombie attacks.
5	Good price. Good product. Nothing to complain about this. Will probably continue buying these if the price remains the same or within a reasonable range.
5	Good price. Happy I purchased a bunch
5	I keep purchasing them over and over.Seem to last me longer then the BJ's brand batteries. Price is basically the same
5	always order these, they work well as any other but cost less
5	Good deal on basic batteries. Needed several pairs for tv remotes and these worked perfectly!
5	Good long lasting batteries at a fair price.
5	good product that lasts a good amount of time
5	Great value for the price.
5	So far the performance seems good and the price can't be beaten.
5	Trying these batteries for the first time and with all the good reviews I am sure they will be fine
5	Nice batteries that works as well as most others, even the expensive ones. We go through them in the remotes and game controllers. This is a great deal and worth the price.I recommend them and will buy them again.
5	Great price and they are Alkaline. I feel good about buying AmazonBasic products, have never been disappointed and they cost less then their brand name counterparts.
5	Good product for the price paid! Thanks!
5	I was tired of buying Duracell batteries only to have them start leaking and have to be thrown away even before I could use them at all. So far, these batteries have not leaked at all. I do believe that wrapping them as they are in just a few at a time has helped keep moisture from seeping into them. I have no complaints thus far with them.
5	Great product at great price. Last just as long as ones I buy from store. With having young kids these are well worth it
5	Good product! I can't imagine that I can get some many batteries with such a low price! They are very long-lasting!
5	Works as expected!
5	Arrived in time as described. Good product.
5	Good batteries.
5	Got them today and put some of them to work, they seem well made and I don't think I will have any problems.. Time will tell.
5	Plenty of juice. Way better than others I bought at a store. Decent price.
5	They are batteries and they work.
5	They're batteries. They work.
5	Good product. Reasonably priced. Prime Shipping available!
5	Batteries. What else can i say
5	Inexpensive but not cheaply made. Good purchase.
5	Can't beat 'em for the price.
5	Great batteries, last as long or longer than regular energizers and duracells
5	I bought these to use in my Xbox one and 360 controllers. These batteries are great but then again 2 batteries might last 3 nights, the next set you put in might die in the same night or they might last for a entire week. These seem to be doing better than the rayovaks.
5	Lo cost for long lasting batteries.
5	Nice quality of batteries. These run for a long time. Amazon basics products are good
5	PERFECT AA AMAZON'S BATTERIES. GOOD QUALITY AND OUTSTANDING PRICE, GOOD JOB AMAZON.
5	These are an amazing price and they seem to be just as good as brand name ones. I would rather purchase these than the ones at the store. For one, these come to my door free with amazon prime shipping and 2. they work pretty good and long lasting. We have only had good experience with amazon basics batteries.I recommend them to anyone that needs some good lasting batteries.
5	These work just as good, if not better than any other battery.
5	well made, will be buying more soon
5	Good quality alkaline batteries.
5	Good batteries, last about the same as any other brand I have tried, but naturally these are more affordable. I mostly use them in my XBone Scuf controller. I play on average 3-5 hours a day and a pair lasts me a couple weeks or so.
5	good quality and performance, great price.
5	These are a large package of AA batteries and even though they are not a name brand battery they do work just as well and last for a good amount of time. I am very pleased with the quality and performance of these Amazon batteries and I will definitely be purchasing again.
5	Nice quality, lasted a while, and there were tons of them!
5	Great value! They last just as long as any battery I could have gone and bought, but by planning ahead, I believe I ended up with a better value! Note...I bought these when Amazon had them on sale!
5	Battery life seems equivalent to other brands, and the price is excellent.
5	These are good batteries at a reasonable price and have lasted far longer than the more expensive name-brand AAA batteries that I first installed in a set of motion-activated security and surveillance lights.
5	Works exactly as expected.
5	Good quality battery and the price is excellent.
5	Great batteries. We'll purchase again!!
5	Normally I buy rechargeable batteries (AmazonBasics) because I find them more ecological and environmentally responsible. Also they avoid the frustrating performance of almost-exhausted batteries. However, I have a set of bathroom scales where the compartment for batteries is just too small for rechargeables. The difference is tiny but the rechargeables simply will not fit.So I had no alternative but to buy alkalines, and these were my first choice. I was not disappointed, they work well and should last a long time, given the minimal use they get. However, in this undemanding application, only time will tell. For the moment, they are fine and the price was very appealing.
5	Minimalist packaging, good quality, fast shipping. My new preferred method of stocking up on batteries.
5	As of this writing, I've been using these for over a year and have yet to experience any problems or issues related to dead batteries or battery life.I use a battery tester, and randomly measured a few, new, out of the box, and they all rated at 100. Happy with these batteries.
5	good quality!
5	Have been buying only Amazon batteries after I tested them. Hight quality, good durability and good price!
5	I've seen these batteries on amazon, but was uncertain as to their quality. After using them for several months, they seem as good of quality (or better) then many of the fancy name brands. I haven't had any leaking batteries and they seem to have a long life.
5	These Amazon Branded batteries seem to be of good quality. I have not really had them in low drain devices long enough to make a 100 opinion but so far no problem.
5	Good reliable batteries.
5	Bought based on price. Now that we have had a few months, it would appear that these are as good or better than other name brands.
5	This is an economical set of AA batteries. The batteries have been lasting quite a long time and I'm very happy with them!
5	Love the price on this battery. I always bought Duracell or Duracell Pro and want to compare this type of battery to see how they hold. So far this battery is doing well compare to those more expensive battery.
5	Just as good as any store brand I've used a much better pice.
5	Generally I have good luck with Amazon Basic items. These held their charges about as long as expencted
5	great price on good batteries that seem to be just as good as most alkaline batteries I've used
5	These batteries are great. I have no problem with them lasting as long as the top name brands. I am a repeat buyer. I use subscribe and save, and get them sent every couple months. Good stuff!
5	These work very well but took longer than expected for deliveryl
5	seem always need this size battery, good supply for a reasonable price
5	long lasting and great price, I have two grandkids who are gamers and these are perfect
5	Equal to the name brand batteries
5	Lot of batteries for cheap. Perfect for the holiday electronic rush. Also good to have in my home office.
5	If I need an add on item to ship I always buy Amazon batteries. They work great
5	Anything that can help Jeff, I'll buy
5	For the price, seems like a good quality. I will buy again.
5	Good price, they work, what more can I say
5	Good Value
5	good value
5	Good value
5	good value.
5	Great Batteries at a great price!
5	Great price, they work fine
5	Great price.
5	Great value for the number of batteries you get for the price. I haven't had them long enough to see how long they last.
5	Highly recommend as this is a nice quantity for the price. Thank you Amazon for making great values available for your customers.
5	I used to buy duracells from samsclub until recently I started to use Amazon Basics products. These batteries have good value. I use these in my remotes, in my car door projector lights (the ones which project a logo on the floor like a courtesy light). And so far I am really happy with the battery life. Yes there are really cheaper ones if I go up with the quantity but I don't like spent money to have too much batteries to sit in my shelf.
5	I'm trusting that Amazon gets these manufactured at a premium manufacturer. Works fine but I'm not really putting it to the test. Good value compared to the major brands but slightly pricier than the off brands. I'll take it.
5	Long lasting batteries. Good value
5	Perfect
5	Powerful, well priced, convenient
5	Seem to be as good as any.
5	Seem to work as good as Energizers I have been using.
5	Seem to work well will update if needed
5	This is the 5th or 6th box I've ordered over the years. They work great, they don't leak as much as old Duracells do, at least for my use.
5	Very good product. No issues. Great price.
5	We have young children, which means we go through a lot of batteries for toys, swings, bouncers, etc. I found it much cheaper to buy them on Amazon. They work fine and this brand seems to last for a while.
5	Work great for me. I have fairly small ankles so they may be too tight for someone with large legs but they should be fine for average. They DO keep my lower legs from swelling on long shifts and keep them from hurting which is great. And they feel good, nice and silky feel
5	Work well. Excellent value. Will see how long they last.
5	Works as expected, and good value for money as batteries seem to be so expensive these days.
5	Works as expected. Good value
5	Yay, a good value and now I have a big stock of batteries available when I need them.
5	Good Value and Price. Good Charge life. I will be buying more soon.
5	Good value and so far are working fine for me. I saw other reviews that mention a shorter battery life relative to other brands but I haven't encountered any problems yet.
5	Excellent packing and price
5	Item arrived quickly and was exactly as advertised.. What more could you want
5	good value deal
5	Good value for a quality product. Nothing special WRT performance, as far as I can tell.
5	Like to price and quality.
5	I have had really good luck with buying AmazonBasics products, including these batteries. They seem to me to perform every bit as good as more expensive name brands, and the price is excellent. I will happily purchase them again in the future.
5	Good price and they work
5	batteries, good value, enough said.
5	FIRST TIME I'VE TRIED AMAZON BATTERIES, SO FAR SO GOOD! I GUESS WE'LL SEE HOW LONG THEY WILL LAST
5	Good Value! Batteries do last for awhile!
5	Great buy, fast delivery
5	Great price. Quick delivery. Work just fine in clocks, remotes, and game controllers.
5	Great value for high volume of batteries.
5	Very reasonably priced!
5	Arrived quickly, good value.
5	Good price and fast delivery.
5	Good value work and last fine.
5	Good value. Lots of young kids, with lots of electronics.
5	Good value. perform satisfactorily.
5	These batteries work suprisingly well and present a good value I like them better than Duracell.
5	They're batteries and they work. Woohoo! I'll stop buying the junky ones at Dollar Tree. Good deal here on Amazon.
5	Works well, cost less.
5	I'm no master at battery tech, but I do know a good deal when I see one.I had to buy a ton of batteries for the Wii U remotes in our apartment. Given the fact that the Wii U, and thus the remotes that come with it, are basically being used 24/7, these batteries were a lifesaver for their price. We got a good month extra out of the remotes, and we only used 1/4 of the batteries in the process.The next time we run out, assuming this still has the best price per battery, we'll probably get this.
5	Good, cheap batteries. They work well in my fire detector and in my remotes.
5	I searched online for inexpensive AA batteries, and Amazon was the cheapest I found. So far, they are performing well. I will buy these again!
5	These batteries work well and are fairly inexpensive (if purchased at the right time). They are nice to have around for items like remotes and wireless devices.
5	Worked great and in my opinion lasted longer than some of our other batteries used them in TV remotes and they seem to last for an extensive amount of time. And thanks to Amazon the packaging was very easy to open.
5	Good, reasonably-priced batteries
5	As always with the batteries, you never pay too much. They are priced just right.
5	Good price, good batteries.
5	They are batteries. They work. Don't know what else to say. Except they were ridiculously cheap!!
5	Good. Can't really say anything bad about the AmazonBasic line of products. They just work and are usually cheaper than other alternatives.
5	Goodbye brand name batteries, these are great!
5	These work great and are comparable to Energizer or Duracell. I use a lot of the frameless candles and these are great for those. Great price!
5	We'll see how long they last over time.
5	Got what I paid for and that's ok.
5	They seem to last as long as any other akaline battery I've used and at a much lower price.
5	Very good deal!Price is perfect!
5	No worries - grade A - works well, looks good -say no more -
5	Grand Children loved it.
5	Thus far. I'm very pleased with this product. Not had them long enough to complain, which is a good thing. I have purchased these before, but these are the new and improved version.
5	As good as any other batteries
5	As good as Duracell
5	Awesome value for the price, works great.
5	Batteries have been pretty high quality so far. no problems at all.
5	Fast shipping, great product
5	good deal
5	Good price for a lot of batteries.
5	Good product. Great price.
5	good value. great price. work for a long time. i would buy again.
5	Great
5	great
5	great
5	Great
5	Great
5	Great batteries and for a good price!
5	Great batteries for a fantastic price. Thank you, Amazon!
5	Great batteries work just as well as other name brands.
5	great deal
5	Great deal.
5	Great price
5	Great price, and functionality.
5	great quality
5	Great value batteries.
5	great value, high quality batteries
5	I'm always having to run to the store for batteries. This is a great deal and the batteries work great. I'm very happy with them and only wish I'd bought them sooner.
5	It's great battery thanks Amazon
5	Love all amazon batteries
5	Perfect for the purpose, and economical
5	Perfectly as described
5	There good battiers just like others
5	These are great batteries have a lot of energy in them
5	These are great for the price! Works great and hasn't died yet. I defiantly recommend l!
5	They are great.
5	They last a long time for a great price. Ordering 3rd or 4th package
5	they last just like the top brand ones
5	They work great, good quality, and good price.Recommended
5	This is a LOT of batteries for the price. They lasted us a really long time, and seem to be of pretty good quality. We will definitely be making another purchase of these!! Can never have too many batteries.
5	Very happy with
5	Very pleased. Long lasting and economical.
5	We love these batteries!
5	Well i have a battery tester and they tested strong. I am using them and they fit well and work well. Go for it, the price is right.
5	worked better than I thought, I expected them to work for a couple of days then die but the have been working for almost a month and still haven't died
5	Works as expected, great price
5	Great - no doubt about it batteries.
5	best value for the money...
5	Great !!!
5	Great product for the cost! I have found for low consumption devices like tv remotes that I prefer to use the AmazonBasics batteries. The lifespan is more than sufficient and I appreciate the cost savings!
5	You can never have enough batteries! They work well, plenty of life.
5	I have grown to really like the Amazon Basics brand and these batteries are no exception. They are just as good as the major leading brands and better priced too. Can't go wrong here.
5	Great batteries, no difference from these from other brand names.
5	Good quality. Great price! Will buy again.
5	I love AmazonBasics products. These AAA batteries are a good example. Always good quality for a good price. We always need these AAA batteries for various flashlights, headlamps, and kitchen gear. You can't go wrong with these.Link: AmazonBasics AAA Performance Alkaline Batteries (20-Pack)
5	Great AAA's. They seem to be of high quality. Not at all like the cheap ones you will find at some stores.
5	Love these Amazon batteries. They're cheap and they stay alive pretty long. The box lasted me an entire year!
5	Great Alkaline Batteries at a Great Price. AA batteries go quick in our house since they are used on so many items from game controllers to wireless keyboards, etc. The Price is Great so you don't have to hunt for a sale on batteries which I like.Would I purchase this item again knowing what I know now Definitely! I have purchased them several times. Would I recommend this product to someone else Yes.Hope you have good results.David
5	Have 2 girls and many other little ones to buy presents for this xmas and needed lots of batteries. These work well and are a decent price.
5	When local stores don't have special on alkaline batteries, it's hard to beat the price of the AmazonBasics packs. They perform just as well as the major brands. It's nice to have a few on hand for replacing batteries in remotes, thermometers, etc.
5	Great alternative to higher priced brand names. These work superbly in my xbox one controller and the kids toys! Many Amazon basics items are a great value and price!
5	I love ordering Amazon basics batteries! We go through a lot of batteries in our house because our son is a train fanatic. I've got these AAA batteries on my subscribe and save! They seem to last as long as energizer or a comparable brand.
5	Wow talk about great deal, these last longer then brand name at 1/2 the cost.Great batteries and incredible deal. First time buying Amazon Basic product but is great.Bought even more second purchase :)
5	Works as good as any other name brand alkaline battery. I wish they stocked the AAA in the same size pack. Thank you amazon for a price break!
5	Just as good as name brand, for a fraction of the price.Have been using these in numerous items, from remotes, to children's toys, to beard trimmer. Work just as good as name brand, and as far as I can tell the same battery life. Will definitely purchase from now on.
5	Working well in various devices I've put them in - cameras, MP3 players, voice recorder and remote controls. Seem as good or better as brand name batteries.
5	This is perfect at this time of year, when you are powering up so many devices.
5	OK I was a little skeptical of buying Batteries from Amazon. Over the years I honestly never saw ANY competitive battery perform with the big two. After reading all the detailed reviews we decided to try them an with two little kids, we use a ton of batteries. These have impressed us with their performance. Undoubtedly a better bang for the buck than the leading brands, not to mention it is becoming increasingly harder to know that your buying genuine batteries here unless buying direct from the manufacturer like these.
5	I continue to buy as they work and are much less in price than name brands
5	Can't go wrong with Amazon basics. Great bang for your buck.
5	Cannot beat these for the price!!! Have good life to them. Will definitely purchase these again!
5	The batteries came packaged great and have lasted a good amount of time so far. They come in at just a couple cents per battery under Costco and Sams Club batteries so I thought I would give them a try and they were definitely worth it!
5	great bargain
5	second box ive purchased, these are a steal for the price. goodbye energizer and duracell.
5	These batteries are a great bargain. I bought these for my mother's blood pressure machine which gobbles them up. They last just as long as the name brands that she had been using.
5	These work great and I have certain string lights that come on the same time every nite for 8 hours and it's been nearly a week and they aren't draining yet, so I can't complain.
5	This is one heck of a deal! The batteries work great and they're worth every penny.
5	Great bargain and batteries, work as well as name brand I had been using. will be using these from now on.
5	They are batteries. Good quality. Get the job done!
5	This is the best price I have seen on batteries and to have 48.......AWESOME! I pay 12 to purchase a pack of 6 in the stores.
5	exactly what i need to power a million battery powered kid toys. good price, great value and always something useful to have around.
5	These batteries seem to hold up fine.
5	Amazon basics batteries are really good quality batteries at a really good price. Most recently, I bought this set because I got a set of LED flameless candles that required 3 AAA batteries each. These batteries work great in those devices. I'm sure they will work great in anything else I try to use them in as well.This was a FULL PRICE purchase. No discounts were given.
5	batteries do well in most of the electronics we own. There is not a noticeable difference between name brands and these.
5	Batteries work as you would expect them to. They last long time for use in the flashlight we put them in.
5	Been using these for a while I love them will not waste my money on duracell or energizer again
5	best deal on AA batteries
5	GREAT BATTERIES AND GREAT PRICE!!
5	Great batteries at a good price
5	Great batteries for an even better price. Can't tell the difference between these and more expensive batteries
5	Great batteries for the price.
5	great batteries so far. havent had any size or issues. i will keep buying them as they even cheaper than the ams club
5	Great batteries, works perfectly fine.
5	Great batteries!
5	Great batteries! I finally came to terms that everything around this house needs batteries. Every time I need a AA battery
5	Great batteries. Great value.
5	Great deal on batteries. Love it. And they last
5	Great price
5	Great price and they work and last as long as the name brands.
5	Have used these batteries for quite some time and find them long lasting and reliable.
5	I am using these for wireless microphones that are often left on. The price is fantastic for the quantity of batteries. They work just as well as name brands in the products I am using them with.
5	I dont think they last as long as Energizer brand, but i like them more due to the value of the quantity. I dont feel bad sharing these batteries.
5	I have always had great luck with amazon batteries... they last long and work freat... come wonderfully packaged
5	I love amazon basics batteries. They last as long as the name brand batteries for much cheaper. An economical way to keep a good stash of batteries around the house.
5	I love how affordable these batteries are! The fact that they arrive quickly, are good quality, neatly packaged...there is nothing negative to say!
5	I love ordered these batteries from Amazon. Way cheaper then other brands and they last just as long. I love that they come in large packs to save more money, and that way you always have them on hand. I will never buy batteries else where EVER AGAIN!! I love themYou can never have enough batteries on hand
5	Impossible to beat this Amazon deal. Great batteries
5	It's amazing how great these batteries work. I've used them on remotes, game controls and electronics that drain a lot of battery. It's work pretty well for me and price is just right. You can't get a better deal than that.
5	Just as good as the brand name batteries! Always reliable and long-lasting.
5	let there be power! great batteries
5	Long lasting.
5	Love Amazon batteries, great price and last pretty long
5	Love the quantity, price and quality. These work as well as any other battery that I have ever bought. Highly recomend.
5	Love these batteries! They last a long time and the price is very reasonable. I think they're just as good as, if not better than Duracell or Energizer brand. I prefer these over the name brand batteries. A+ product!
5	Nice batteries will but again
5	Price cheaper or similar to my local warehouse store without having to go to the store. Or in a smaller quantity. I have purchased several times. They just work.
5	Similar to Costco batteries
5	The fit and work for a long time. What more can you ask for
5	The price and the amount you get is amazing. So buy these batteries. You can't go wrong they are worth it
5	These aa batteries are affordable and they last just as long as the leading competitors or at least in my household. It would be nice though if they offered a program where people could send their old batteries into AmazonBasics so that they can recycle them but I'm sure Amazon is in the works with that idea as we speak
5	These are great batteries for the
5	These are great. Nice cheaper alternative to name brands and they work as well or better.
5	These batteries are great! We find that they last long and are half the price of the name brands. Would definitely recommend for families that need lots of batteries for toys.
5	These batteries are great.. Ive stated before in my Amazon Basics D batteries review that i had never heard of this brand before so i decided to purchase them because i knew i wouldnt be going to the sore anytime soon.. I use these batteries for our remotes and a couple of my toys.. They seem to last a really long time.. I havent had to change our remotes since i have purchaed the batteries, but i have had to replace the batteries in my toys once or twice..
5	These batteries have been great. Duracell is probably still a bit better, but they are also more pricy. These well work just fine for anything you need them for, and you probably won't notice any difference. I haven't.
5	These batteries work as well as, if not better than, the national brands at a lower price-point.
5	These last long enough, and Amazon sells them cheap.
5	These work well and seem to last just as long as more expensive brands!
5	This is a good buy! The batteries last as long as major brand! Will definitely buy again.
5	This is a great deal for AAA batteries and a no-brainer for anyone who goes through a lot of them. The life span on these batteries seems pretty comparable to other major brands although admittedly I haven't done any actual test to confirm this.I'll be back to buy more when we work through what we've already purchased.
5	Very good battery, performs like a well made alkaline brand, will buy again.
5	Very happy with these batteries. Works just school as the expensive ones.
5	Very pleased with these. I haven't used any yet, but for the price and knowing Amazon put their name on these make me think they will be a great battery.
5	Very well packed and great price.
5	We like these batteries. They work just as well as any other batteries. Haven't noticed them not lasting very long like some of the other reviewers.
5	With a toddler at home, we run through many batteries. This pack is a necessity if you have children at home. Why pay a premium for batteries just to go into a toy that will be accidently left on for days They last a good amount of time, are reliable, affordable, and are useful.
5	Work great.
5	Works just the same as the more expensive batteries.
5	You can't beat the price and quality. We go through a lot of batteries and these hold up just as well or better than any of the major brands that we have in any of our controllers, flash lights, remotes, etc. We haven't bought any other brand since buying these.
5	So far so good. I haven't done any studies on the batteries as others have done, but just from using them they seem to last long and have a good power curve.
5	Great batteries, the first package I received contained 2 defective batteries - they were leaking fluid - but a quick email to amazon got me a whole new package. They do seem to last a bit longer than other batteries I have purchased. These are used for controllers and large graphing calculators.
5	as described. They last longer than I expected for an off brand battery
5	I bought these batteries because I needed alot for my trail cameras. The price of these ultimately was the reason I purchased them over the name brands. They seem to be lasting just as long or longer than any of the name brands that I have used.
5	They're batteries. Plenty of 'em. The thing I like here is that Amazon is producing basic stuff like the Acme Company in the old Road Runner/Coyote cartoons, when the Coyote would order whatever he needed and it would be delivered (in the middle of the desert) in no time. I feel good about the brand and the batteries work just fine. You do not want to run out of batteries.
5	Great batteries from Amazon at a great price. As good or better than all the major brands at a fraction of the cost. They also have a long expiration date on them
5	They worked great and last ad long as or longer than the name brands e.g. (Duracell, Energizer)
5	great batteries at a amazing price!!
5	These are great! They work just as long as the other brands. I really think they last longer but I have no proof! One thing I love is the price and how Amazon does not change the price all the time. They have sales sometimes but when I run out I can always come back and get the at least the same price if not lower and that means alot to me! I really do not like battery price shopping all the time and this makes it so easy! I hope that helps! ray333ray2001yahoo.com
5	Batteries seem to last a long time at a great price.
5	Great batteries at a good price. I've had no issues with life span or degradation during storage. These are good batteries that I keep on hand for my camera gear.
5	Best value batteries I have been able to find except for extreme sales. I love to get these on subscription every three months for use in remotes, flashlights, game controllers and toys.
5	Great batteries at a great price! Last just as long as the expensive ones. Will buy these from now on.
5	Had trouble finding this particular battery, live it for my Fire Stick for Amazon Prime.
5	These batteries seem to be just as good as brand name batteries
5	We have had great luck with Amazon brand batteries and feel no need to pay big box brand name prices. We also loved being able to have them shipped to us.
5	These batteries are great and affordable! Highly recommend!
5	These work just as well as name brands. I don't notice them draining any faster than the big names in the battery world. I'm glad I gave these a try, saves me money and the large package size means we don't run out! I'll be buying other sizes as needed. Highly recommended!
5	We have a 4 month old and we have been going through batteries for his various toys with reckless abandon! These amazon batteries work very well and are comparable to more expensive brands like duracell and energizer. I'll continue to purchase amazon basics batteries moving forward
5	Great batteries at a great price
5	Great batteries at a reasonable price. These seem to last as long if not longer than your other name brands. I use these in toys, remote controls and other devices around the house, and haven't had any issues at all.
5	The price of these batteries are unbeatable for the amount you get. They perform very well and last a while. Will be buying all my batteries from Amazon going forward
5	I'll never buy another type of batteries again. With 3 kids under 4, you can imagine all the battery operated toys we have. I've replaced all their toys with these batteries and they work beautifully. Zero complaints!
5	These work like any other battery at half the price! They are long lasting and easy to use.
5	These batteries work great! These have worked great in toys and for the battery operated razor. I would say they were pretty comparable to the Duracell batteries we usually purchase for a fraction of the cost. It is insane how much money we waste on batteries, and now it seems to be much easier to buy batteries because these work great and are much cheaper. I always used to dread buying batteries.
5	Awesome batteries for an awesome price. I will never buy any other brand of battery's from now on they work great and last very long . I use the batteries for my kindle firestick remote so not sure how long they last in other things but they lasted almost a year in my remote before running out of battery
5	I love these batteries. They work great and last as long as name brand batteries.
5	I use a lot of batteries for the holidays and these were a good price so I thought I would give them a try. These are great and last as long as other batteries. I still have some left for the next holiday.
5	To me batteries are batteries so why pay more for them if you don't have to. I have ordered them in AA and AAA sizes and I don't see a difference between these and other major brands. Take the money you save and buy more toys that need batteries on Amazon. That is what I did.
5	Having Kids requires always having Batteries ready for all the Toys. But batteries are Expensive but these Amazon Basic Brand Batteries are great. The last as long as the Name Brand Batteries. I have no issue with Corrosion like some keep batteries will leak Acid. I get these with my Monthly Subscribe and Save order as well so the extra 15 off makes it even a better product.
5	I saw these batteries and decided to give them a try. I have to say they last the same as the batteries that I buy at CVS but they cost a fraction of the price. Now I know where to get my batteries from!
5	These batteries are great. This is the 4th tie I order Amazon Basics batteries and they have been consistent. I have used them in everything from remote controls to my sons toys and they go through batteries like no tomorrow. I would say that the Amazon Basics batteries last about 90-95 as long as Duracell or Energizer batteries and cost a lot less. I would recommend them.
5	Great batteries for Great price
5	These are by far the best batteries for the money. I used to get mine at Costco but these are definitely a better deal.
5	Arrived on time, no damage. Great batteries for the price.
5	I am really liking these batteries. I don't know if the products I am placing them in are working better with these batteries or if these are just lasting longer. At first I was a little skeptical about non Duracell or name brand batteries, but these are working the same if not better than those name brand batteries. I would highly recommend this product.
5	I've purchased these batteries to try out the amazon version, and so far no problems just a good long lasting battery that's great for the price
5	Will these batteries run as long as energizer or duracell The answer is no. However, for the price, these are by far cheaper than any other batteries available. I can easily play hours upon hours of games on Xbox one and have no problem with these batteries. So they're great to put into smaller electronics as the lifespan is not an issue.
5	Works as expected, great batteries for the price. Ordered these for daily use, especially for my son's remote control car. Been using it in clock, flashlight, toy etc, and so far they have been running well. These batteries seem to last as long as the name brands you would purchase at the local shops, but much cheaper than the shops. It helps me save a lot of money and avoid the trouble of running to the shop every time I need batteries. What I liked most about is its packaged! It comes in a card box that can be open/closed and in it the batteries are packaged with a wrapper in a group of 4. That makes it easy to find a group of batteries in my drawer. I am happy with the product and will probably order more when it run out.
5	These batteries lasted pretty long too!
5	Great batteries for the price. Haven't had any problems yet.
5	I have been using Amazon batteries for a couple of years and have been pleased.
5	Great batteries! I was concerned to buy an off brand battery but these really work well. We have used these in the kids toys, in electronics, in remotes and have found that they are holding up very well!I normally only buy Duracell or Energizer so I am not switching batteries out in toys constantly and will be using this brand in the future as they are very well priced and work great.
5	Great batteries for very reasonable price. What more could you ask
5	Great batteries great price
5	Still testing them and comparing with other brands. So far i think they are great batteries and for the price and convenience i think they are great. Will buy more for sure.
5	Terrific deal. The batteries last just as long as normal brand batteries and are at an insanely low price! Would recommend to anyone.
5	I've been using these AAA Performance Alkaline Batteries for a year now. I find that they last in use just as long and the major brand batteries of the same size. I use them in small LED flashlights and multiple other items. I've not had one fail do to a leak or any issue other then they were used up. Highly recommend these
5	Why pay a penny more. They are exactly the same as Duracel or Energizer.
5	AmazonBasics AAA Performance Alkaline batteries are quite great.I purchased the 8 pack.Came well wrapped in a strong small box.I am amazed at the 10 year shelf life. This is years more than other batteries I have bought.We have been extremely pleased with our AmazonBasics purchases.Will order more batteries from AmazonBasics as the need arises.HINTGreat gift (we all know that many children's toys use batteries).Make sure the flashlight has working batteries.HIGHLY RECOMMEND
5	This are so much better then the Copper top and the Bunny Batteries. I use to buy mine off the bid board site. I started seeing new copper top leaking with a exp date of 2020. I ordered this and I'm hooked. This is my new supplier of Batteries.
5	Great batteries my kids use them a lot for I don't know. But I have use them they seem to last as long as the name brand I have no complaints. I havent had one leak yet very good product.
5	Inexpensive and long-lasting batteries. I strongly recommend it.
5	These are great batteries for the price. I purchased these batteries for my son, who loves listening to books on the Play-Away pods from the library. They seem to last the same amount of time as any name brand battery. I will be buying these again the future.
5	Great batteries seem to last a long time.DISCLOSURE: I was given the opportunity to review this product and received it discounted/free for my honest and unbiased opinion. I am not an affiliate of the manufacturer, seller, or Amazon and I do not receive any monetary compensation for reviewing this item. I understand the importance of honest customer feedback because I rely a great deal on customer reviews myself. The integrity of each product review I write is based on my own personal feelings and/or opinions and not anyone elses. I hope what I have shared and described above from my own experience has helped you with your buying options. If you find this review helpful please select yes below. Thank you.
5	I love these batteries. They are another excellent addition to Amazon's much appreciated line of Basics. I highly recommend them - I have used just about all of the available sizes I think by now, and I've yet to hit a dud. Much cheaper than the popular copper-top which used to be my go-to battery.GET THEM! :-)
5	Great batteries that work great. Much better than going to the store and spending double on some name brand batteries! Definitely Buy!!!
5	Great batteries to have on hand at all times.The price is excellent.There is a variety of quantity options.I would highly recommend to everyone.Thanks Amazon!
5	These batteries were a great price and so far they work great too. I love having extra's around and this give me more than enough to keep all my battery operated candles glowing.
5	Just as good as name brand but without the fancy name. They are a hasstle to open as the plastic may or may not be made out of titanium.
5	Very good batteries. My wife has battery powered candles in each window of our house. After going through duracells every few weeks I figured it was time to buy a cheaper (money wise anyway) battery. These things have been lasting on average 6-7 weeks!!!! That's double the life of the duracells! So far that's about the only thing we've ran them in but that alone is VERY impressive and I have found our new batteries.
5	Great batteries with an even better price!
5	Good ole AAA batteries. I purchased this in conjunction with a pack of AA and a battery organizer. I was somewhat conflicted if I should purchase the rechargeable ones or these but with the estimated 10 year shelf life and seldom I need batteries I felt these would be much better suited for my needs.
5	Using batteries for my Xbox controller and they last as long, if not longer than most other brands I've used in the past and at a much better price than most name brands.
5	These may be an off brand but they work just as good and for just as long. I used these in toys and they get played with often and are still going. And I actually really liked the design of the battery it looked sleek and I loved the green color.
5	I have two teenagers, and was sick of buying batteries constantly. These are in mini packs of four, so I hand my kids a pack at a time, and hide the rest!
5	These batteries are great for the price. Being as affordable as they are, I was expecting them to not last long or work well. They proved me wrong and these are honestly the best batteries I have used. I've been using them for almost 8 months now and haven't had to replace any. Granted, I don't have them in anything that uses a ton of battery power, but for the price they're worth it even lasting this long. I have them in remotes and some lights and no problems!I also love being able to buy in large packs, as then I don't have to worry about getting more batteries for a long time.It's nice to be able to stock up at a super affordable price.
5	So excited to get these batteries. Amazon definitely worked some magic. Item shipped in less than 24 hours and arrived before they were supposed to. Packaging was great! I loved the box that can close up and they were separately packages in packs of 4. So amazed at the product I reviewed. Will definitely recommend. Thanks so much Amazon!!
5	Great batteries, great price!
5	I only buy Amazon batteries now! They are just as good as any other brand and way more affordable.
5	I usually use li ion rechargeable but I like to keep some alkaline disposable around and these are great and a great price!Chalk up another one for Amazon Basics!
5	Work great.
5	We purchased the Amazon Basics batteries mainly for the price and shipping speed and love them. We've used them in all our household products like TV remotes, Xbox controllers and had no issues at all. So far they've lasted about 6 months in the TV remotes and have about a 2 month lifespan in our Xbox controllers which are used daily.
5	I'm very impressed with these Amazon Basics AAA batteries. They are competitively priced, they work great, and are lasting longer than other generic brands. My daughter has a toddler owl clock that went through a pair of generic batteries in two weeks. The Amazon brand has lasted over a month now and still going strong.I also happen to love the white and green design. It makes them much easier to find in my cluttered kitchen drawer compared to the usual darker colors of other brands. They're bright and noticeable and that's a huge plus for me!
5	solid price, great batteries, shipped to my front door, what else can I say
5	These Battery's Last Longer in Xbox controllers than the other brands
5	Great batteries, work as well and last as long as top name brands.
5	A lot of batteries for not a lot of . These batteries have performed better than I expected and last just as long as other name-brand batteries. I will be buying these again when I eventually run out.
5	Batteries last as long as I would expect, and they are a great price for A LOT of batteries. They cost as much as a 24 pack at the store.
